

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000057515-18-000020
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		124
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20180630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180827
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180827
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LANCASTER COLONY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000057515
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT
 VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				131955943
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-04065
		FILM NUMBER:		181039373
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		380 POLARIS PARKWAY
		CITY:			WESTERVILLE
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43082
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6142247141
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		380 POLARIS PARKWAY
		CITY:			WESTERVILLE
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43082












		


WASHINGTON
June&#160;30
380 Polaris Parkway
Westerville
(Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation S-K (&#167;229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company
If an emerging growth company
December&#160;31
$2
August&#160;2
 2018
27
490
&#32;shares of Common Stock
 without par value
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Exhibits
Lancaster Colony Corporation
 an Ohio corporation
 is a manufacturer and marketer of specialty food products for the retail and foodservice channels. We began our operations in 1961 as a Delaware corporation. In 1992
 we reincorporated as an Ohio corporation. Our principal executive offices are located at 380 Polaris Parkway
 Suite 400
 Westerville
As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and except as the context otherwise may require
 the terms &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; &#8220;registrant
&#8221; or &#8220;the Company&#8221; mean Lancaster Colony Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries
 except where it is clear that the term only means the parent company. Unless otherwise noted
 references to &#8220;year&#8221; pertain to our fiscal year which ends on June&#160;30; for example
 
 which is the period from July&#160;1
June&#160;30
Our Internet web site address is http://www.lancastercolony.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section&#160;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with
 or furnished to
Effective July 1
 2017
 David A. Ciesinski
 our President and Chief Operating Officer
 succeeded John B. Gerlach
 Jr. as our Chief Executive Officer (&#8220;CEO&#8221;). As President and CEO
 Mr.&#160;Ciesinski became our principal executive officer and chief operating decision maker (&#8220;CODM&#8221;). This change resulted in modifications to the CODM&#8217;s approach to managing the business
 assessing performance and allocating resources. Consequently
 beginning on July 1
 2017
 our segment reporting structure was amended to align with these changes
 and our financial results are now presented as two reportable segments: Retail and Foodservice. Costs that are directly attributable to either Retail or Foodservice are charged directly to the appropriate segment. Costs that are deemed to be indirect
 excluding corporate expenses and other unusual significant transactions
 are allocated to the two reportable segments using a reasonable methodology that is consistently applied. All historical information was retroactively conformed to the current presentation. These segment changes had no effect on previously reported consolidated net sales
 operating income
 net income or earnings per share. The financial information relating to our business segments for the three years ended June&#160;30
 
&#32;is included in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements
 and located in Part II
Refrigerated Dressings
Marzetti
 Simply Dressed
Marzetti
 Cardini&#8217;s
New York BRAND Bakery
 Chatham Village
&#32;sauces. Additionally
The vast majority of the products we sell in the Retail segment are sold through sales personnel
 food brokers and distributors in the United States. We have placement of products in grocery produce departments through our refrigerated salad dressings
 vegetable dips and fruit dips. Our flatbread products and sprouted grain bakery products are generally placed in the specialty bakery/deli section of the grocery store. We also have products typically marketed in the shelf-stable section of the grocery store
 which include salad dressing
 slaw dressing and croutons. Within the frozen food section of the grocery store
 we have prominent market positions of frozen yeast rolls and garlic breads.
 
 
We continue to rely upon our strong retail brands
 innovation expertise
 geographic and channel expansion and customer relationships for future growth. Our category-leading retail brands and commitment to new product development help drive increased consumer demand in our Retail segment. Strategic acquisitions are also part of our future growth plans
Our quarterly Retail sales are affected by seasonal fluctuations
 primarily in the fiscal second quarter and the Easter holiday season when sales of certain frozen retail products tend to be most pronounced. Our quarterly Retail sales can also be affected by the timing of seasonal shipments of certain fruit dips between the first and second quarters. The impacts on working capital are not significant. We do not utilize any franchises or concessions. In addition to the owned and licensed trademarked brands discussed above
 we also own and operate under innumerable other intellectual property rights
 including patents
 copyrights
 formulas
 proprietary trade secrets
 technologies
Marzetti
The vast majority of the products we sell in the Foodservice segment are sold through sales personnel
 food brokers and distributors in the United States. Most of the products we sell in the Foodservice segment are custom-formulated and include salad dressings
 sandwich and dipping sauces
 frozen breads and yeast rolls. 
 
 
 respectively. Within our Foodservice segment
In the Foodservice segment
 sales growth results from general volume gains or geographic expansion of our established customer base
The operations of this segment are not affected to any material extent by seasonal fluctuations. We do not utilize any franchises or concessions. We own and operate under innumerable intellectual property rights
 including patents
 copyrights
 formulas
 proprietary trade secrets
 technologies
Refrigerated dressings
 dips and other
 
 
 respectively. Net sales attributable to McLane Company
 Inc. (&#8220;McLane&#8221;)
 a wholesale distribution subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway
 Inc.
 totaled 
 
 
 respectively. McLane is a large
 national distributor that sells and distributes our products to several of our foodservice national chain restaurant accounts
 principally in the quick service
 fast casual and casual dining channels. In general
 these national chain restaurants have direct relationships with us for culinary research and development
 menu development and production needs
 but choose to buy our products through McLane
 who acts as their distributor. McLane orders our products on behalf of these national chain restaurants
The majority of our products are manufactured and packaged at our 16 food plants located throughout the United States. Most of these plants produce products for both the Retail and Foodservice segments. Efficient and cost-effective production remains a key focus as evidenced by our lean six sigma initiative. Certain items are also manufactured and packaged by third parties located in the United States
All of the markets in which we sell food products are highly competitive in the areas of price
 quality and customer service. We face competition from a number of manufacturers of various sizes and capabilities. Our ability to compete depends upon a variety of factors
 including the position of our branded goods within various categories
 product quality
 product innovation
 promotional and marketing activity
Our operations are subject to various federal
 state and local environmental protection laws. Based upon available information
 compliance with these laws and regulations did not have a material effect upon the level of capital expenditures
As of June&#160;30
2
&#32;employees
&#32;of our employees are represented under a collective bargaining contract that will expire within one year. While we believe that labor relations with all our employees are satisfactory
 a prolonged labor dispute or an organizing attempt could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
 we obtained adequate supplies of raw materials and packaging. We rely on a variety of raw materials and packaging for the day-to-day production of our products
 including soybean oil
 various sweeteners
 eggs
 dairy-related products
 flour
We purchase the majority of these materials on the open market to meet current requirements
 but we also have some fixed-price contracts with terms generally one year or less. See further discussion in our &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; section below and our contractual obligations disclosure in Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (&#8220;MD&amp;A&#8221;). Although the availability and price of certain of these materials are influenced by weather
 disease and the level of global demand
An investment in our common stock is subject to certain risks inherent in our business. Before making an investment decision
 investors should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below
If any of the following risks occur
 our business
 results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. If this were to happen
We may be subject to business disruptions
We can be impacted by both real and unfounded claims regarding the safety of our operations
 or concerns regarding mislabeled
 adulterated
 contaminated or spoiled food products. Any of these circumstances could necessitate a voluntary or mandatory recall due to a substantial product hazard
 a need to change a product&#8217;s labeling or other consumer safety concerns. A pervasive product recall may result in significant loss due to the costs of a recall
 related legal claims
 including claims arising from bodily injury or illness caused by our products
 the destruction of product inventory
 or lost sales due to product unavailability. A highly publicized product recall
 whether involving us or any related products made by third parties
 also could result in a loss of customers or an unfavorable change in consumer sentiment regarding our products or any category in which we operate. In addition an allegation of noncompliance with federal or state food laws and regulations could force us to cease production
 stop selling our products or create significant adverse publicity that could harm our credibility and decrease market acceptance of our products. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows. While we believe our insurance related to these matters is consistent with industry practice
 any potential claim under our policies may exceed our insurance coverage
 may be subject to certain exceptions or may not be honored fully
 in a timely manner
We may be subject to a loss of sales or increased costs due to adverse publicity or consumer concern regarding the safety
 quality or healthfulness of food products
 whether with our products
We are highly dependent upon consumers&#8217; perception of the safety
 quality and possible dietary attributes of our products. As a result
 substantial negative publicity concerning one or more of our products
 or other foods similar to or in the same food group as our products
 could lead to lower demand for our products and/or reduced prices and lost sales. Substantial negative publicity
 even when false or unfounded
 could also hurt the image of our brands or cause consumers to choose other products or avoid categories in which we operate. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
Certain negative publicity regarding the food industry or our products could also increase our cost of operations. The food industry has been subject to negative publicity concerning the health implications of genetically modified organisms
 added sugars
 trans fat
 salt
 artificial growth hormones
 ingredients sourced from foreign suppliers and other supply chain concerns. Consumers may increasingly require that our products and processes meet stricter standards than are required by applicable governmental agencies
 thereby increasing the cost of manufacturing our products. If we fail to adequately respond to any such consumer concerns
 we could suffer lost sales and damage our brand image or our reputation. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
Because we source certain products from single manufacturing sites and use third party manufacturers for significant portions of our production needs for certain products
 it is possible that we could experience a production disruption that results in a reduction or elimination of the availability of some of our products. If we are not able to obtain alternate production capability in a timely manner
 or on favorable terms
 it could have a negative impact on our business
 results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows
We are also subject to risks of other business disruptions associated with our dependence on production facilities and distribution systems. Natural disasters
 terrorist activity or other unforeseen events could interrupt production or distribution and have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows
Competition within all of our markets is expected to remain intense. Numerous competitors exist
 many of which are larger than us in size. These competitive conditions could lead to significant downward pressure on the prices of our products
Competitive considerations in the various product categories in which we sell are numerous and include price
 product innovation
 product quality
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity and the ability to remain relevant to consumer preferences and trends. In order to maintain our existing market share or capture increased market share among our retail and foodservice channels
 we may decide to increase our spending on marketing and promotional costs
 advertising and new product innovation. The success of marketing
 advertising and new product innovation is subject to risks
 including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance. As a result
Walmart is our largest Retail customer.  The loss of
 or a significant reduction in
 Walmart&#8217;s business
 or an adverse change in the financial condition of Walmart
 could result in a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
&#32;of consolidated net sales for the year ended June&#160;30
. Our accounts receivable balance from Walmart as of June 30
. While our relationship with Walmart has been long-standing and is believed to be good
 it is important to recognize that we may not be able to maintain this relationship and Walmart is not contractually obligated to purchase from us. In addition
 changes in Walmart&#8217;s general business model
 such as reducing the shelf space devoted to the branded products we market
 or devoting more shelf space to competing products
 could adversely affect the profitability of our business with Walmart
 even if we maintain a good relationship. The loss of
 or a significant reduction in
 this business could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability. Unfavorable changes in Walmart&#8217;s financial condition or other disruptions to Walmart
 such as decreased consumer demand or stronger competition
 could also have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
McLane is our largest Foodservice customer. An adverse change in the financial condition of McLane could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
&#32;of consolidated net sales for the year ended June&#160;30
. Our accounts receivable balance from McLane as of June 30
. McLane is a large
 national distributor that sells and distributes our products to several of our foodservice national chain restaurant accounts
 principally in the quick service
 fast casual and casual dining channels. In general
 these national chain restaurants have direct relationships with us for culinary research and development
 menu development and production needs
 but choose to buy our products through McLane
 who acts as their distributor. McLane orders our products on behalf of these national chain restaurants
 and we invoice McLane for these sales. Thus
 unfavorable changes in the financial condition of McLane could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows. In addition
 the loss of
 or significant reduction in our business with the underlying national chain restaurants
 or other disruptions
 such as decreased consumer demand or stronger competition
 could also have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows. We believe that our relationship with McLane and the underlying national chain restaurants is good
 but we cannot ensure that we will be able to maintain these relationships. McLane and the underlying national chain restaurants are not typically committed to long-term contractual obligations with us
 and they may switch to other suppliers that offer lower prices
 differentiated products or customer service that McLane and/or the underlying national chain restaurants perceive to be more favorable. In addition
 changes in the general business model of McLane
 or the underlying national chain restaurants
 could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
A single indirect national chain restaurant account represents a significant portion of our Foodservice segment sales. The loss of
 or a significant reduction in this national chain restaurant&#8217;s business
 or an adverse change in the financial condition of this national chain restaurant
 could result in a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
Our net sales to a single national chain restaurant account
 which are made indirectly through several foodservice distributors
 represented 13% of consolidated net sales for the year ended June&#160;30
. While our relationship has been long-standing and is believed to be very good
 it is recognized that we may not be able to maintain this relationship in the future. We do not have any long-term purchase commitments
 and we may be unable to continue to sell our products in the same quantities or on the same terms as in the past. The loss of
 or a significant reduction in
 this business could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability. Further
 unfavorable changes in this national chain restaurant&#8217;s financial condition or other disruptions
 such as decreased consumer demand or stronger competition
 could also have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
We rely on the performance of major retailers
 mass merchants
 wholesalers
 food brokers
 distributors and foodservice customers for the success of our business and
 should they perform poorly or give higher priority to other brands or products
Within our Retail and Foodservice segments
 we sell our products principally to retail and foodservice channels
 including traditional supermarkets
 mass merchants
 warehouse clubs
 specialty food distributors
 foodservice distributors and national chain restaurants. Poor performance by our customers or our inability to collect accounts receivable from our customers
 could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
In addition
 our future growth and profitability may be unfavorably impacted by recent changes in the competitive landscape for our Retail segment customers. As consolidation in the retail grocery industry continues and our retail customers also grow larger and become more sophisticated
 they may demand improved efficiency
 lower pricing
 increased promotional programs
 or specifically tailored products. Further
 these customers are reducing their inventories and increasing their emphasis on private label products and other products holding top market positions. Traditional retail grocers are also being pressured by the growing presence of deep discount retailers that emphasize private label product offerings and lower price points. If we fail to use our sales and marketing expertise to maintain our category leadership positions to respond to these trends
 or if we lower our prices or increase promotional support of our products and are unable to increase the volume of our products sold
 our business
 results of operations
Furthermore
 within our Retail segment
 many of our customers offer competitor branded products and their own store branded products that compete directly with our products for shelf space and consumer purchases. Accordingly
 there is a risk that these customers give higher priority or promotional support to their store branded products or to the products of our competitors or discontinue the use of our products in favor of their store branded products or other competing products. Failure to maintain our retail shelf space or priority with these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows. Likewise
Emerging channels such as online retailers and home meal kit delivery services also continue to evolve and impact both the retail and foodservice industries. Our presence in these emerging channels is currently underdeveloped and while we have plans to pursue future opportunities in these emerging channels
We rely on the value of the brands we sell
We rely on the success of our well-recognized brand names. Maintaining and enhancing our brand image and recognition is essential to our long-term success
 and maintaining license agreements under which we market and sell certain brands is important to our business. The failure to do either could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. We seek to maintain and enhance our brands through a variety of efforts
 including the delivery of quality products
 extending our brands into new markets and new products and investing in marketing and advertising. The costs of maintaining and enhancing our brands
 including maintaining our rights to brands under license agreements
 may increase. These increased costs could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
&#32;sauces. We believe that our relationships with our brand licensors are good
 but we cannot ensure that we will maintain those relationships. Many of our brand license agreements can be terminated or not renewed at the option of the licensor upon short notice to us. The termination of our brand license agreements
agreements on terms favorable to us
 or the impairment of our relationship with our brand licensors could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
In addition
 we increasingly rely on electronic marketing
 such as social media platforms and the use of online marketing strategies
 to support and enhance our brands. This &#8220;e-commerce&#8221; marketplace is growing and evolving quickly and allows for the rapid dissemination of information regarding our brands by us and consumers. We may not be able to successfully adapt our marketing efforts to this rapidly changing marketplace
 which could have a material adverse impact on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. Further
 negative opinions or commentary posted online regarding our brands
 regardless of their underlying merits or accuracy
 could diminish the value of our brands and have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
Our principal raw-material needs include soybean oil
 various sweeteners
 eggs
 dairy-related products
 flour
 water and various films
 plastic and paper packaging materials. Our ability to manufacture and/or sell our products may be impaired by damage or disruption to our manufacturing or distribution capabilities
 or to the capabilities of our suppliers or contract manufacturers
 due to factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control
 such as adverse weather conditions
 natural disasters
 fire
 terrorism
 pandemics
 strikes or other events. Production of the agricultural commodities used in our business may also be adversely affected by drought
 water scarcity
 temperature extremes
 scarcity of suitable agricultural land
 worldwide demand
 changes in international trade arrangements
 livestock disease (for example
 avian influenza)
We purchase a majority of our key raw materials on the open market. Our ability to avoid the adverse effects of a pronounced
 sustained price increase in our raw materials is limited. We have observed increased volatility in the costs of many of these raw materials in recent years
 including 2018. In general
 eggs have been our most volatile raw material over the past three years
Similarly
 fluctuating petroleum prices and transportation capacity have
 from time to time
 impacted our costs of resin-based packaging and our costs of inbound freight on all purchased materials. In 2018
We try to limit our exposure to price fluctuations for raw materials by periodically entering into longer-term
 fixed-price contracts for certain raw materials
 but we cannot ensure success in limiting our exposure. We may experience further increases in the costs of raw materials
 and we may try to offset such cost increases with higher prices or other measures. However
 we may be unable to successfully implement offsetting measures or unable to do so in a timely manner. Such cost increases
 as well as an inability to effectively implement additional measures to offset higher costs
 could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
The availability and cost of transportation for our products is vital to our success
 and the loss of availability or increase in the cost of transportation could have an unfavorable impact on our business
 results of operations
Our ability to obtain adequate and reasonably priced methods of transportation to distribute our products
 including refrigerated trailers for many of our products
 is a key factor to our success. Delays in transportation
 including weather-related delays
 could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Further
 higher fuel costs and increased line haul costs due to industry capacity constraints
 customer delivery requirements and a more restrictive regulatory environment could also negatively impact our financial results. We are often required to pay fuel surcharges that fluctuate with the price of diesel fuel to third-party transporters of our products
 and such surcharges can be substantial. Any sudden or dramatic increases in the price of diesel fuel would serve to increase our fuel surcharges and our cost of goods sold. If we were unable to pass higher freight costs to our customers in the form of price increases
 those higher costs could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
We are subject to federal
Our business operations are subject to regulation by various federal
 state and local government entities and agencies. As a producer of food products for human consumption
 our operations are subject to stringent production
 packaging
 quality
 labeling and distribution standards
 including regulations promulgated under the Federal Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act and the Food Safety Modernization Act. We cannot predict whether future regulation by various federal
 state and local governmental entities and agencies would adversely affect our business
 results of operations
In addition
 our business operations and the past and present ownership and operation of our properties
 including idle properties
 are subject to extensive and changing federal
 state and local environmental laws and regulations pertaining to the discharge of materials into the environment
 the handling and disposition of wastes (including solid and hazardous wastes) or otherwise relating to protection of the environment. Although most of our properties have been subjected to periodic environmental assessments
We cannot be certain that environmental issues relating to presently known matters or identified sites
 or to other matters or sites will not require additional
 currently unanticipated investigation
 assessment or expenditures. If we do incur or discover any material environmental liabilities or potential environmental liabilities in the future
We may require significant capital expenditures to maintain
 improve or replace aging infrastructure and facilities
Much of our infrastructure and facilities have been in service for many years
 which may result in a higher level of future maintenance costs and unscheduled repairs. Further
 our infrastructure and facilities may need to be improved or replaced to maintain or increase operational efficiency
 sustain production capacity
 or meet changing regulatory requirements. A significant increase in maintenance costs and capital expenditures could adversely affect our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. In addition
 a failure to operate our facilities optimally could result in declining customer service capabilities
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
Manufacturing capacity constraints may have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
Our current manufacturing resources may be inadequate to meet significantly increased demand for some of our food products. Our ability to increase our manufacturing capacity depends on many factors
 including the availability of capital
 steadily increasing consumer demand
 equipment delivery
 construction lead-times
 installation
 qualification
A lack of sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet demand could cause our customer service levels to decrease
 which may negatively affect customer demand for our products and customer relations generally
 which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows. In addition
 operating facilities at or near capacity may also increase production and distribution costs and negatively affect relations with our employees or contractors
We increasingly rely on information technology systems to conduct and manage our business operations
 including the processing
 transmitting
 and storing of electronic information. For example
 our sales group and our production and distribution facilities utilize information technology to increase efficiencies and limit costs. Furthermore
 a significant portion of the communications between our personnel
 customers
 and suppliers depends on information technology and an uninterrupted and functioning infrastructure
 including telecommunications. Our information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions due to events beyond our control
 including
 but not limited to
 natural disasters
 terrorist attacks
 telecommunications failures and other security issues. If we are unable to adequately protect against these vulnerabilities
 our operations could be disrupted
Cyber attacks or other breaches of network or other information technology security could have an adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
Cyber attacks or other breaches of network or information technology security may cause equipment failures or disruptions to our operations. Our inability to operate our networks as a result of such events
 even for a limited period of time
 may result in significant expenses. Cyber attacks
 which include the use of malware
 computer viruses and other means for disruption or unauthorized access
 have increased in frequency
 scope and potential harm in recent years. To date
 we have not been subject to cyber attacks or other cyber incidents that
 individually or in the aggregate
 have been material to our operations or financial condition. While we believe we take reasonable steps to protect the security of our information relative to our perceived risks
 our preventative actions may be insufficient to defend against a major cyber attack in the future. The costs associated with a major cyber attack could include increased expenditures on cyber security measures
business interruption
 litigation
 regulatory fines and penalties and damage to our reputation. If we fail to prevent the theft of valuable information such as financial data
 sensitive information about the Company and intellectual property
 or if we fail to protect the privacy of customer
 consumer and employee confidential data against breaches of network or information technology security
 it could result in damage to our reputation and brand image
 which could adversely impact our employee
 customer and investor relations. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows. While we believe our insurance related to these matters is consistent with industry practice
 any potential claim under our policies may be subject to certain exceptions; may not be honored fully
 in a timely manner
We may not be able to successfully consummate proposed acquisitions or divestitures
 and integrating acquired businesses may present financial
We continually evaluate the acquisition of other businesses that would strategically fit within our operations. If we are unable to consummate
 successfully integrate and grow these acquisitions and to realize contemplated revenue growth
 synergies and cost savings
 our financial results could be adversely affected. In addition
 we may
 from time to time
 divest businesses
 product lines or other operations that are less of a strategic fit within our portfolio or do not meet our growth or profitability targets. As a result
&#32;We may incur asset impairment or restructuring charges related to acquired or divested assets
 which may reduce our profitability and cash flows. These potential acquisitions or divestitures present financial
 managerial and operational challenges
 including diversion of management attention from ongoing businesses
 difficulty with integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems
 increased expenses
 assumption of unknown liabilities
Our inability to successfully renegotiate collective bargaining contracts and any prolonged work stoppages could have an adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
We believe that our labor relations with employees under collective bargaining contracts are satisfactory
 but our inability to negotiate the renewal of any collective bargaining agreements
 including the agreement at our Milpitas
 California facility
 which is currently scheduled to expire in December 2018
 or any prolonged work stoppages could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
Through 2017
 we contributed to two multiemployer pension plans under certain collective bargaining agreements that provide pension benefits to employees and retired employees who are part of the plans. On January 21
 2017
 the employees at our Bedford Heights
 Ohio plant voted to ratify a new collective bargaining agreement that provided for our complete withdrawal from the multiemployer pension plan associated with that facility. At this time
 we still contribute to a multiemployer pension plan related to our facility in Milpitas
Because we have withdrawn from the multiemployer pension plan associated with our Bedford Heights plant
 we are no longer subject to risks associated with increased contributions with respect to this pension fund. Nonetheless
 certain future events related to this pension fund could result in incremental pension-related costs; however
As a contributor to the multiemployer pension plan associated with our Milpitas
 California facility
 we are responsible for making periodic contributions to this plan. Our required contributions to this plan could increase; however
 any increase would be dependent upon a number of factors
 including our ability to renegotiate the collective bargaining contract successfully
 current and future regulatory requirements
 the performance of the pension plan&#8217;s investments
 the number of participants who are entitled to receive benefits from the plan
 the contribution base as a result of the insolvency or withdrawal of other companies that currently contribute to this plan
 the inability or failure of withdrawing companies to pay their withdrawal liability
 low interest rates and other funding deficiencies. We may also be required to pay a withdrawal liability if we exit from this plan. While we cannot determine whether and to what extent our contributions may increase or what our withdrawal liability may be
 we do not expect any payments related to this plan to have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
We are subject to volatility in energy-related costs that affect the cost of producing and distributing our products
 including our petroleum-derived packaging materials. Furthermore
 any sudden and dramatic increases in electricity or natural gas costs could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
We limit our exposure to price fluctuations in energy-related costs by periodically entering into longer-term
 fixed-price contracts for natural gas and electricity supply to some of our manufacturing facilities. However
 due to the inherent variability of contractual terms and end dates
 in addition to the extent to which the energy markets in which we operate have been deregulated to allow for contracted supply
The loss of the services of one or more members of our senior management team could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
Our operations and prospects depend in large part on the performance of our senior management team
 several of which are long-serving employees with significant knowledge of our business model and operations. Should we not be able to find qualified replacements for any of these individuals if their services were no longer available
Mr.&#160;Gerlach
 Executive Chairman of our Board of Directors
As of June&#160;30
 
&#32;of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Accordingly
 Mr.&#160;Gerlach has significant influence on all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of our common stock
 including the election of directors. Mr.&#160;Gerlach&#8217;s voting power may also have the effect of discouraging transactions involving an actual or a potential change of control of our Company
Certain provisions of our charter documents
 including provisions limiting the ability of shareholders to raise matters at a meeting of shareholders without giving advance notice and provisions classifying our Board of Directors
 may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us or influence our Board of Directors. This may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes of control or management
Additionally
 Ohio corporate law contains certain provisions that could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control. The Ohio Control Share Acquisition Act found in Chapter 1701 of the Ohio Revised Code provides that certain notice and informational filings and a special shareholder meeting and voting procedures must be followed prior to consummation of a proposed &#8220;control share acquisition
&#8221; as defined in the Ohio Revised Code. Assuming compliance with the prescribed notice and information filings
 a proposed control share acquisition may be accomplished only if
 at a special meeting of shareholders
 the acquisition is approved by both a majority of the voting power represented at the meeting and a majority of the voting power remaining after excluding the combined voting power of the &#8220;interested shares
&#8221; as defined in the Ohio Revised Code. The Interested Shareholder Transactions Act found in Chapter 1704 of the Ohio Revised Code generally prohibits certain transactions
 including mergers
 majority share acquisitions and certain other control transactions
 with an &#8220;interested shareholder
&#8221; as defined in the Ohio Revised Code
 for a three-year period after becoming an interested shareholder
 unless our Board of Directors approved the initial acquisition. After the three-year waiting period
 such a transaction may require additional approvals under this Act
 including approval by two-thirds of our voting shares and a majority of our voting shares not owned by the interested shareholder. The application of these provisions of the Ohio Revised Code
 or any similar anti-takeover law adopted in Ohio
 could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control
Also
 our Board of Directors has the authority to issue up to 1
150
000 shares of Class B Voting Preferred Stock and 1
150
000 shares of Class C Nonvoting Preferred Stock and to determine the price
 rights
 preferences
 privileges and restrictions of those shares without any further vote or action by the shareholders. The rights of the holders of our common stock may be subject to
 and may be adversely affected by
 the rights of the holders of any Class B Voting Preferred Stock and Class C Nonvoting Preferred Stock that may be issued in the future. The Company could use these rights to put in place a shareholder rights plan
 or &#8220;poison pill
&#32;square feet of space for our operations. Of this space
Altoona
Bedford Heights
Columbus
Sauces
 dressings
Cudahy
Horse Cave
Sauces
 dressings
Luverne
Milpitas
Saline
Wareham
The following table summarizes our principal warehouses
Altoona
Attalla
Columbus
Grove City
Horse Cave
Milpitas
From time to time we are a party to various legal proceedings. While we believe that the ultimate outcome of these various proceedings
 individually and in the aggregate
 will not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements
 litigation is always subject to inherent uncertainties
 and unfavorable rulings could occur. An unfavorable ruling could include monetary damages or an injunction prohibiting us from manufacturing or selling one or more products or could lead to us altering the manner in which we manufacture or sell one or more products
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
August&#160;2
. This is not the actual number of beneficial owners of our common stock
 as shares are held in &#8220;street name&#8221; by brokers and others on behalf of individual owners. The highest and lowest prices for our common stock from July&#160;1
August&#160;2
&#32;consecutive years. Future dividends will depend on our earnings
In November 2010
 our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase authorization of 2
000
000 common shares
1
402
&#32;common shares remained authorized for future repurchases at June&#160;30
. This share repurchase authorization does not have a stated expiration date. In the fourth quarter
April 1-30
1
402
May 1-31
1
402
June 1-30
1
402
1
402
OF LANCASTER COLONY CORPORATION
The graph set forth below compares the five-year cumulative total return from investing $100 on June&#160;30
&#32;in each of our Common Stock
 the S&amp;P Midcap 400 Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Food Producers Index. The total return calculation assumes that all dividends are reinvested
Years Ended June&#160;30
1
222
1
201
1
191
1
104
1
041
303
318
299
257
248
17
174
175
184
154
153
38
60
62
52
52
135
115
121
101
100
804
716
634
702
627
Property
190
180
169
172
168
31
27
16
18
15
26
24
24
21
18
652
575
513
580
528
27
27
27
27
27
Certain prior-year balances were reclassified in 2016 to reflect the impact of the adoption of new accounting guidance about the presentation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. With the adoption
Amounts for 2018 reflect the impact of the adoption of new accounting guidance for stock-based compensation
 including the following provisions that were applied on a prospective basis: (a) the inclusion of the tax consequences related to stock-based compensation within the computation of income tax expense versus equity and (b) assumed proceeds used in the calculation of weighted average shares no longer include the amount of excess tax benefits. As a result
Our fiscal year begins on July&#160;1 and ends on June&#160;30. Unless otherwise noted
 references to &#8220;year&#8221; pertain to our fiscal year; for example
 
 which is the period from July&#160;1
&#32;to June&#160;30
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the &#8220;Selected Financial Data&#8221; in Item 6 and our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The forward-looking statements in this section and other parts of this report involve risks
 uncertainties and other factors
 including statements regarding our plans
 objectives
 goals
 strategies
Effective July 1
 2017
 David A. Ciesinski
 our President and Chief Operating Officer
 succeeded John B. Gerlach
 Jr. as our CEO. As President and CEO
 Mr.&#160;Ciesinski became our principal executive officer and CODM. This change resulted in modifications to the CODM&#8217;s approach to managing the business
 assessing performance and allocating resources. Consequently
 beginning on July 1
 2017
 our segment reporting structure was amended to align with these changes
 and our financial results are now presented as two reportable segments: Retail and Foodservice. Costs that are directly attributable to either Retail or Foodservice are charged directly to the appropriate segment. Costs that are deemed to be indirect
 excluding corporate expenses and other unusual significant transactions
 are allocated to the two reportable segments using a reasonable methodology that is consistently applied. All historical information was retroactively conformed to the current presentation. These segment changes had no effect on previously reported consolidated net sales
 operating income
Part of our future growth may result from acquisitions. We continue to review potential acquisitions that we believe will complement our existing product lines
Consistent with this acquisition strategy
 in November 2016 we acquired substantially all of the assets of Angelic Bakehouse
 Inc. (&#8220;Angelic&#8221;)
 a manufacturer and marketer of premium sprouted grain bakery products based near Milwaukee
We have made substantial capital investments to support our existing operations and future growth opportunities. For example
 we recently expanded our warehousing capacity at Angelic to help meet anticipated growth in demand for our sprouted grain bakery products. Based on our current plans and expectations
 we believe our capital expenditures for 
$1
223&#160;million
$1
202&#160;million
&#32;resulted from considerably higher commodity and freight costs
 partially offset by supply chain savings realized from our lean six sigma program and pricing actions taken beginning in the third quarter of 2018 in response to the cost increases. The prior-year results reflected a notable benefit from significantly lower ingredient costs in the first half of 2017 with only a modest offset from deflationary pricing.
 net income totaled 
&#32;per diluted share
 including a one-time benefit of $9.5 million
 or $0.35 per diluted share
 for the re-measurement of our net deferred tax liability due to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (&#8220;Tax Act&#8221;). In 
 net income totaled 
&#32;per diluted share
 including the multiemployer pension after-tax charge of $11.5 million
 or $0.42 per diluted share
 compared to 
&#32;per diluted share
 in 
 we expect volume-driven growth in our Retail segment with support from recent and upcoming new product introductions. We also anticipate continued progress with net price realization from the price increases that began in the second half of 2018 and better-optimized trade spending in the Retail segment. In the Foodservice segment
 we anticipate volume growth from select national chain restaurant accounts and distributors of our branded products
Among the many factors that may impact our ability to improve sales and operating margins in the coming year are the success of our continued investment in innovation and new products
 growth from existing product lines
Based on current market conditions
 commodity costs are projected to remain unfavorable in fiscal 2019
 although to a lesser extent than we experienced in fiscal 2018. Freight costs are also expected to persist as a headwind through the first half of the fiscal year. We have initiatives in place or planned for both the short- and long-term to address these higher freight and commodity costs including pricing actions
 a more optimized distribution network and tactical procurement. Future changes in ingredient costs
 as well as other material costs
 will be influenced by the size of agricultural harvests in both the United States and other parts of the world and related global demand
 economic conditions
Overall
 we continue to limit some of our exposure to volatile swings in food commodity costs through a structured forward purchasing program for certain key materials such as soybean oil and flour. For a more-detailed discussion of the effect of commodity costs
 see the &#8220;Impact of Inflation&#8221; section of this MD&amp;A below. Changes in other notable recurring costs
 such as marketing
 transportation
 production costs and introductory costs for new products
The Tax Act was signed into law on December 22
 2017 with an effective date of January 1
 2018. Most notably
 the Tax Act reduced the statutory federal income tax rate for corporations from 35% to 21%. The statutory federal income tax rate for our 2019 tax return will be 21%
We will adopt new accounting guidance for revenue recognition on July 1
 2018. The adoption of this standard will not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. However
We will adopt new accounting guidance for changes in the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost on July 1
Year Ended June&#160;30
650
641
619
8
22
572
560
571
12
(11
1
222
1
201
1
191
21
10
303
318
299
(15
19
In November 2016
Consolidated net sales for the year ended June&#160;30
$1
$1
. This growth was driven by increases in both Retail and Foodservice net sales and resulted from pricing actions
 which were taken during the second half of 2018 in response to higher freight and commodity costs
 as well as reduced retail trade spending and lower coupon expense. Our sales volume
 as measured by pounds shipped
&#32;due to the impact of increased commodity costs
 most notably eggs
 as well as soybean oil
 flour and dairy ingredients
 and higher freight costs. The increase in freight costs resulted from several factors adversely affecting transportation capacity within the United States
 including severe weather
 rising diesel fuel costs
 new regulations
 driver availability and a growing U.S. economy. These increased costs were partially offset by supply chain savings realized from our lean six sigma program and pricing actions taken in our Retail and Foodservice segments primarily in the second half of 2018. Excluding the impact of pricing
Consolidated net sales for the year ended June&#160;30
$1
$1
. This growth was driven by higher Retail net sales as partially offset by lower Foodservice net sales. Excluding Angelic
 our overall sales volume
 as measured by pounds shipped
 improved by 1%. Pricing had a net deflationary impact of nearly 1% of net sales for 2017. As a percentage of total net sales
&#32;due to the influence of overall lower raw-material costs
 primarily for eggs
 but also for flour
 honey and certain packaging materials. Margins also benefited from a more favorable sales mix
 partially offset by higher retail trade spending and deflationary pricing in the Foodservice segment. Excluding pricing actions
Selling
Year Ended June&#160;30
131
126
115
5
11
&#32;in selling
 general and administrative (&#8220;SG&amp;A&#8221;) expenses reflected a higher level of investments in personnel and business growth initiatives
 incremental amortization expense and other recurring noncash charges attributed to Angelic during the first half of 2018
 and the impact of a prior-year one-time benefit from the full settlement of a class-action lawsuit related to a provider of in-store promotional advertising. The higher level of SG&amp;A expenses was partially offset by lower promotional spending and savings gained through the realignment of our retail broker network beginning in the second half of 2018. The 2017 increase in SG&amp;A expenses reflected investments in key leadership personnel and strategic business initiatives during the second half of 2017 to support future growth. Transaction costs
In 2017 the employees at our Bedford Heights
 Ohio plant voted to ratify a new collective bargaining agreement. Among other terms
 the new agreement provided for our complete withdrawal from the underfunded multiemployer Cleveland Bakers and Teamsters Pension Fund. In lieu of contributions to the pension fund
 we are making non-elective contributions for the union employees at the Bedford Heights
 Ohio plant into a union-sponsored 401(k) plan. We initially funded the new 401(k) plan and paid a withdrawal liability as settlement of our portion of underfunded pension benefits of the multiemployer plan. We recorded a one-time charge of $17.6 million in 2017 for the multiemployer pension settlement and other benefit-related costs. Given the unusual nature of these significant indirect costs
Year Ended June&#160;30
126
138
134
(12
3
58
66
61
(7
4
(17
17
(17
(12
(12
(12
172
174
184
(2
(9
As impacted by the factors discussed above
 income before income taxes for 
 
 
 respectively. The current-year rate was impacted by the Tax Act
 which was signed into law on December 22
 2017 with an effective date of January 1
 2018. Most notably
 the Tax Act reduced the statutory federal income tax rate for corporations from 35% to 21%. Since we file our tax return based on our fiscal year
 the statutory federal income tax rate for our 2018 tax return will be a blended rate of 28.1%. In addition to the effect of the lower overall federal tax rate
measurement of our net deferred tax liability in 2018. Looking ahead to 2019
 we expect an overall effective tax rate of approximately 24%. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for a reconciliation of the statutory rate to the effective rate for 
June&#160;30
Federal
49
(9
38
The SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (&#8220;SAB 118&#8221;) on December 22
 2017. SAB 118 allows for a measurement period in which companies can either use provisional estimates for changes resulting from the Tax Act or apply the tax laws that were in effect immediately prior to the Tax Act being enacted if estimates cannot be determined at the time of the preparation of the financial statements until the actual impacts can be determined. We recorded an estimate of the impact of the Tax Act within our December 31
 2017 financial statements
 including the impact of items recorded within accumulated other comprehensive loss. There were no material changes to these estimates in the six months ended June 30
 2018. We will continue to evaluate the impacts of the Tax Act and record adjustments
 as needed
 including adjustments related to the filing of our 2018 federal tax return
 but do not expect material changes to the amounts recorded. In February 2018
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued new accounting guidance to allow a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income/loss to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Act. We recorded this reclassification in the quarter ended March 31
&#32;On July 1
 2017
 we adopted new accounting guidance for stock-based compensation that
 among other things
 requires the recognition of windfall tax benefits and shortfall tax deficiencies in our income tax expense
 instead of equity. For 
. This adoption may result in increased volatility to our quarterly and annual income tax expense and resulting net income
 dependent upon
 among other variables
As influenced by the factors discussed above
 particularly the impact of the Tax Act in 2018 and the multiemployer pension charge in 2017
 net income for 
June&#160;30
 2018
&#32;have remained relatively stable. As a result
 and due to the change in net income for each year
 diluted net income per share totaled 
In 2018
 the Tax Act resulted in a one-time deferred tax benefit of $0.35 per diluted share. In 2017
Year Ended June&#160;30
650
641
619
8
22
126
138
134
(12
3
570
 net sales for the Retail segment reached 
&#32;was driven by increased sales volumes for shelf-stable dressings and sauces sold under license agreements
 the incremental sales from the Angelic Bakehouse business acquired in November 2016
 pricing actions
 reduced trade spending and lower coupon expense
 partially offset by reduced sales of frozen garlic bread products in the second and 
&#32;due to the impact of increased commodity and freight costs
 investments in personnel and business growth initiatives and incremental amortization expense and other recurring noncash charges attributed to Angelic during the first half of the year. These higher costs were partially offset by supply chain savings realized from our lean six sigma program
 some net price realization
 lower consumer promotional and other trade spending and lower brokerage costs due to the mid-year realignment of our retail broker network. The prior-year operating income and related margins reflected a significant benefit from lower ingredient costs in the first half of the year.
 net sales for the Retail segment reached 
&#32;with sprouted grain bakery products
 shelf-stable dressings sold under license agreements and frozen bread products among the most notable contributing product lines. Higher trade promotion costs served to limit Retail sales growth. The impact of pricing on Retail net sales was minimal for 
&#32;while related margins were essentially flat as the influence of overall lower raw-material costs
 primarily for eggs
 but also for flour
 honey and certain packaging materials
 were partially offset by higher retail trade spending
 investments in key leadership personnel and strategic business initiatives during the second half of 2017 and the transaction costs
Year Ended June&#160;30
572
560
571
12
(11
58
66
61
(7
4
524
 Foodservice net sales 
With regard to the impact of commodity and freight costs on Foodservice segment operating income
 most of our supply contracts with national chain restaurant accounts incorporate pricing adjustments to account for changes in ingredient and freight costs. These supply contracts may vary by account with regard to the time lapse between the actual change in ingredient and freight costs we incur and the effective date of the associated price increase or decrease. As a result
 the reported operating margins of the Foodservice segment are subject to increased volatility during periods of rapidly rising or falling ingredient and/or freight costs because at least some portion of the change in ingredient and/or freight costs is reflected in the segment&#8217;s results prior to the impact of any associated change in pricing. In addition
 the Foodservice segment has an inherently higher degree of margin volatility from changes in ingredient costs when compared to the Retail segment due to its overall lower margin profile and higher ratio of ingredient pounds to net sales.
 net sales for the Foodservice segment reached 
&#32;as influenced by our targeted business rationalization efforts with certain national chain restaurants that began in the third quarter of 2016 and deflationary pricing
 primarily from lower egg costs.
&#32;due to the influence of overall lower raw-material costs
 primarily for eggs
 but also for flour
 honey and certain packaging materials
We maintain sufficient flexibility in our capital structure to ensure our capitalization is adequate to support our future internal growth prospects
 acquire food businesses consistent with our strategic goals
&#32;in cash and equivalents
Under our unsecured revolving credit facility (&#8220;Facility&#8221;)
 we may borrow up to a maximum of $150&#160;million at any one time. We had no borrowings outstanding under the Facility at June&#160;30
. At June&#160;30
 
&#32;of standby letters of credit outstanding
 which reduced the amount available for borrowing on the Facility. The Facility expires in April 2021
 and all outstanding amounts are then due and payable. Interest is variable based upon formulas tied to LIBOR or an alternative base rate defined in the Facility
 at our option. We must also pay facility fees that are tied to our then-applicable consolidated leverage ratio. Loans may be used for general corporate purposes. Due to the nature of its terms
 when we have outstanding borrowings under the Facility
The Facility contains certain restrictive covenants
 including limitations on indebtedness
 asset sales and acquisitions
 and financial covenants relating to interest coverage and leverage. At June&#160;30
 
 we were in compliance with all applicable provisions and covenants of this facility
 and we exceeded the requirements of the financial covenants by substantial margins. At June&#160;30
 
We currently expect to remain in compliance with the Facility&#8217;s covenants for the foreseeable future. However
 a default under the Facility could accelerate the repayment of any then outstanding indebtedness and limit our access to $75 million of additional credit available under the Facility. Such an event could require a reduction in or curtailment of cash dividends or share repurchases
 reduce or delay beneficial expansion or investment plans
We believe that cash provided by operating activities and our existing balances in cash and equivalents
 in addition to that available under the Facility
. If we were to borrow outside of the Facility under current market terms
Year Ended June&#160;30
160
146
145
14
(31
(60
(17
29
(43
(66
(60
(192
(5
131
Cash provided by operating activities remains the primary source for funding our investing and financing activities
 as well as financing our organic growth initiatives. 
 
&#32;was primarily due to higher net income
 including the benefit from the lower tax rate resulting from the Tax Act. The 2017 increase reflected lower working capital requirements
 primarily in accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 an increase in deferred tax liabilities related to property and increases in noncash charges for depreciation and amortization and the noncash change in acquisition-related contingent consideration. These changes were largely offset by lower net income in 2017
&#32;in cash used in investing activities was due to the $35.2 million paid for the acquisition of Angelic in November 2016
 as partially offset by a higher level of capital expenditures in 
 with the largest amounts spent on warehousing and new equipment to increase capacity and/or improve operational efficiencies. The 2017 increase in cash used in investing activities primarily reflected the cash paid for the acquisition of Angelic in November 2016
 as well as a higher level of capital expenditures in 2017
 with the largest amounts spent on packaging equipment to accommodate growth and build-out costs related to our corporate office relocation. Capital expenditures totaled 
 compared to 
 
 
 respectively. In general
&#32;per share
&#32;consecutive year in which our dividend rate was increased. A $5.00 per share special dividend was paid in December 2015
The future levels of share repurchases and declared dividends are subject to the periodic review of our Board of Directors and are generally determined after an assessment is made of various factors
 such as anticipated earnings levels
Our ongoing business activities continue to be subject to compliance with various laws
 rules and regulations as may be issued and enforced by various federal
 state and local agencies. With respect to environmental matters
 costs are incurred pertaining to regulatory compliance and
 upon occasion
 remediation. Such costs have not been
 and are not anticipated to become
We are contingently liable with respect to lawsuits
 taxes and various other matters that routinely arise in the normal course of business. We do not have any related party transactions that materially affect our results of operations
OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
We do not have off-balance sheet arrangements
 financings
 or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons
 also known as &#8220;Variable Interest Entities
&#8221; that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
We have various contractual obligations that are appropriately recorded as liabilities in our consolidated financial statements. Certain other contractual obligations are not recognized as liabilities in our consolidated financial statements. Examples of such items are commitments to purchase raw materials or packaging inventory that has not yet been received as of June&#160;30
The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of June&#160;30
23
6
8
4
3
199
180
17
17
17
240
187
26
22
4
Purchase obligations represent purchase orders and longer-term purchase arrangements related to the procurement of raw materials
 supplies
 services
 and property
This amount does not include $23.9&#160;million of other noncurrent liabilities recorded on the balance sheet
 which largely consist of the underfunded defined benefit pension liability
 other post employment benefit obligations
 tax liabilities
 noncurrent workers compensation obligations
 deferred compensation and interest on deferred compensation. These items are excluded
 as it is not certain when these liabilities will become due. See Notes 9
Our business results can be influenced by significant changes in the costs of our raw materials. We attempt to mitigate the impact of inflation on our raw materials by entering into longer-term fixed-price contracts for a portion of our most significant commodities
 soybean oil and flour. As we enter 2019
 we will begin to implement a new procurement strategy for a portion of our egg needs through the use of grain-based pricing contracts to reduce our exposure to egg market spot prices. However
 we remain exposed to events and trends in the marketplace for our other raw-material and packaging costs. While we attempt to pass through sustained increases in raw-material costs via price adjustments on our retail and foodservice products
As we transitioned from 2015 to 2016
 we saw a significant increase in the price of egg-based ingredients due to a major outbreak of avian influenza in the United States. Due to timing and the degree of the increase in egg costs
 we lagged obtaining cost recovery during the first half of 2016
 but we had largely recovered such costs as we exited our then third fiscal quarter. During the first half of 2017
 we experienced a deflationary pricing environment within our foodservice channel as the cost of eggs had retreated to historical prices
 and we adjusted pricing charged to our foodservice national chain restaurant accounts to reflect the lower input cost of eggs and other key ingredients. Consequently
 while the deflationary pricing was more than offset by lower egg costs during the first half of 2017
 the deflationary pricing negatively impacted net sales growth from our foodservice channel during the period. During the second half of 2017
 the net impact of inflation was not significant
In 2018
 we experienced increased commodity costs across many ingredient and packaging materials
 most notably for eggs. The increase in egg costs was principally due to egg-producing issues in Europe which resulted in significantly higher exports from the United States. Additionally
 freight costs increased significantly due to capacity constraints in the transportation industry. We implemented pricing actions in both our Retail and Foodservice segments in the second half of 2018. Entering 2019
 under current market conditions
 we foresee unfavorable material and freight cost comparisons
Although typically less notable
 we are also exposed to the impacts of general inflation beyond material costs
 especially in the areas of annual wage adjustments and benefit costs. Over time
This MD&amp;A discusses our consolidated financial statements
 which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate our estimates and judgments
 including
 but not limited to
 those related to accounts receivable allowances
 distribution costs
 asset impairments and self-insurance reserves. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Historically
 the aggregate differences
 if any
 between our estimates and actual amounts in any year have not had a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. While a summary of our significant accounting policies can be found in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements
We recognize revenue upon transfer of title and risk of loss
 provided that evidence of an arrangement exists
 pricing is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is probable. Net sales are recorded net of estimated sales discounts
 returns
 trade promotions and certain other sales incentives
 including coupon redemptions and rebates. See discussion of new accounting guidance for revenue recognition
 which will be applicable for us beginning on July 1
 2018
We evaluate the adequacy of our allowances for customer deductions considering several factors including historical experience
Goodwill is not amortized. It is evaluated annually at April&#160;30 by applying impairment testing procedures. Other intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives to Selling
We desire to take advantage of the &#8220;safe harbor&#8221; provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the &#8220;PSLRA&#8221;). This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains various &#8220;forward-looking statements&#8221; within the meaning of the PSLRA and other applicable securities laws. Such statements can be identified by the use of the forward-looking words &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;hope&#8221; or similar words. These statements discuss future expectations; contain projections regarding future developments
 operations or financial conditions; or state other forward-looking information. Such statements are based upon assumptions and assessments made by us in light of our experience and perception of historical trends
 current conditions
 expected future developments and other factors we believe to be appropriate. These forward-looking statements involve various important risks
 uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ as a result of factors over which we have no
 or limited
 control including
 without limitation
 the specific influences outlined below. Management believes these forward-looking statements to be reasonable; however
 one should not place undue reliance on such statements that are based on current expectations. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made
 and we undertake no obligation to update such forward-looking statements
Items which could impact these forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to
adverse changes in freight
 energy or other costs of producing
dependence on contract manufacturers
changes in demand for our products
the impact of any regulatory matters affecting our food business
the impact
 if any
the impact of fluctuations in our pension plan asset values on funding levels
certain other risk factors
We have exposure to market risks primarily from changes in raw material prices. In recent years
 due to the absence of any borrowings
We purchase a variety of commodities and other raw materials
 such as soybean oil
 flour
 eggs and dairy-based materials
 which we use to manufacture our products. The market prices for these commodities are subject to fluctuation based upon a number of economic factors and may become volatile at times. While we do not use any derivative commodity instruments to hedge against commodity price risk
 we do actively manage a portion of the risk through a structured forward purchasing program for certain key materials such as soybean oil and flour. This program
 coupled with short-term fixed price arrangements on other significant raw materials
 gives us more predictable input costs
June&#160;30
 2018
 the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 shareholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows
June&#160;30
 2018
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &#8220;financial statements&#8221;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
June&#160;30
 2018
June&#160;30
 2018
We have also audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
June&#160;30
 2018
August&#160;27
 2018
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
Columbus
August&#160;27
June 30
(Amounts in thousands
205
143
72
69
32
28
58
47
90
76
9
11
378
301
Property
Land
132
124
293
272
425
397
234
216
Property
190
180
168
168
56
60
10
6
804
716
57
41
35
35
93
76
41
38
16
25
Preferred stock-authorized 3
050
Common stock-authorized 75
000
000 shares; outstanding-2018-27
487
989 shares; 2017-27
448
119
115
1
279
1
206
(8
(8
Common stock in treasury
(738
(736
652
575
804
716
Years Ended June 30
(Amounts in thousands
1
222
1
201
1
191
919
883
891
303
318
299
Selling
131
126
115
17
172
174
184
Other
2
174
175
184
38
60
62
135
115
121
27
27
27
27
27
27
Years Ended June 30
135
115
121
Net gain (loss) arising during the period
3
3
(4
Prior service credit arising during the period
1
Amortization of loss
Amortization of prior service credit
Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
3
3
(2
Net gain (loss) arising during the period
(1
1
Prior service credit arising during the period
Amortization of loss
Amortization of prior service credit
(1
Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
2
2
(1
137
117
120
Years Ended June 30
135
115
121
26
24
24
2
1
(8
2
5
4
3
(3
(2
(3
(14
1
2
(2
1
15
4
(2
160
146
145
Cash paid for acquisitions
(35
(31
(27
(16
1
(31
(60
(17
(1
Payment of dividends (including special dividend payment
 2018-$0; 2017-$0; 2016-$136
(64
(58
(190
(1
(66
(60
(192
62
25
(64
143
118
182
205
143
118
(Amounts in thousands
Balance
 June&#160;30
27
107
1
219
(10
(735
580
121
121
Net pension and postretirement benefit losses
(1
(1
(190
(190
Stock-based plans
3
3
Balance
 June&#160;30
27
110
1
150
(11
(736
513
115
115
Net pension and postretirement benefit gains
 net of $1
2
2
(58
(58
Stock-based plans
4
4
Balance
 June&#160;30
27
115
1
206
(8
(736
575
135
135
Net pension and postretirement benefit gains
2
2
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017
1
(1
(64
(64
(1
(1
5
5
Balance
 June&#160;30
27
119
1
279
(8
(738
652
(Tabular amounts in thousands
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Lancaster Colony Corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiaries
 collectively referred to as &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; &#8220;registrant
&#8221; or the &#8220;Company.&#8221; Intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation. Our fiscal year begins on July&#160;1 and ends on June&#160;30. Unless otherwise noted
 references to &#8220;year&#8221; pertain to our fiscal year; for example
 
 which is the period from July&#160;1
&#32;to June&#160;30
Effective July 1
 2017
 David A. Ciesinski
 our President and Chief Operating Officer
 succeeded John B. Gerlach
 Jr. as Chief Executive Officer (&#8220;CEO&#8221;). As President and CEO
 Mr.&#160;Ciesinski became our principal executive officer and chief operating decision maker (&#8220;CODM&#8221;). This change resulted in modifications to the CODM&#8217;s approach to managing the business
 assessing performance and allocating resources. Consequently
 beginning on July 1
 2017
 our segment reporting structure was amended to align with these changes
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Estimates included in these consolidated financial statements include allowances for customer deductions
 net realizable value of inventories
 useful lives for the calculation of depreciation and amortization
 distribution accruals
We consider all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The carrying amounts of our cash and equivalents approximate fair value due to their short maturities and are considered level 1 investments
 which have quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets. As a result of our cash management system
 checks issued but not presented to the banks for payment may create negative book cash balances. When such negative balances exist
We evaluate the adequacy of our allowances for customer deductions considering several factors including historical experience
 specific trade programs and existing customer relationships. We also provide an allowance for doubtful accounts based on the aging of accounts receivable balances
 historical write-off experience and on-going reviews of our trade receivables. Measurement of potential losses requires credit review of existing customer relationships
 consideration of historical loss experience
 including the need to adjust for current conditions
 and judgments about the probable effects of relevant observable data
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and equivalents and trade accounts receivable. By policy
 we limit the amount of credit exposure to any one institution or issuer. Our concentration of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivable is mitigated by our credit evaluation process and by having a large and diverse customer base. However
 see Note 10 with respect to our accounts receivable with Walmart Inc. and McLane Company
 Inc.
 a wholesale distribution subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value and are costed by various methods that approximate actual cost on a first-in
 first-out basis. Due to the nature of our business
 work in process inventory is not a material component of inventory. When necessary
 we provide allowances to adjust the carrying value of our inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value
 including any costs to sell or dispose. The determination of whether inventory items are slow moving
(Tabular amounts in thousands
Property
Property
 plant and equipment are recorded at cost
 except for those acquired as part of a business combination
&#32;years
 machinery and equipment
 excluding technology-related equipment
&#32;years. For tax purposes
Purchases of property
2
1
22
20
20
We monitor the recoverability of the carrying value of our long-lived assets by periodically considering whether indicators of impairment are present. If such indicators are present
 we determine if the assets are recoverable by comparing the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows to the assets&#8217; carrying amounts. Our cash flows are based on historical results adjusted to reflect our best estimate of future market and operating conditions. If the carrying amounts are greater
 then the assets are not recoverable. In that instance
Goodwill is not amortized. It is evaluated annually at April&#160;30 by applying impairment testing procedures. Other intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives to Selling
Self-insurance accruals are made for certain claims associated with employee health care
3
050
750
&#32;par value
1
150
1
150
2
000
&#32;common shares in November 2010. At June&#160;30
 
1
402
We recognize revenue upon transfer of title and risk of loss
 provided that evidence of an arrangement exists
 pricing is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is probable. Net sales are recorded net of estimated sales discounts
 returns
 trade promotions and certain other sales incentives
 including coupon redemptions and rebates.  See discussion of new accounting guidance for revenue recognition
 which will be applicable for us beginning on July 1
 2018
(Tabular amounts in thousands
Distribution fees billed to customers are included in Net Sales
We account for our stock-based employee compensation plans in accordance with GAAP for stock-based compensation
 which requires the measurement and recognition of the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. The cost of the employee services is recognized as compensation expense over the period that an employee provides service in exchange for the award
Our income tax expense
Our annual effective tax rate is determined based on our income
 statutory tax rates and the permanent tax impacts of items treated differently for tax purposes than for financial reporting purposes. Tax law requires certain items be included in the tax return at different times than the items are reflected in the financial statements. Some of these differences are permanent
 such as expenses that are not deductible in our tax return
 and some differences are temporary
 reversing over time
Realization of certain deferred tax assets is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods. Although realization is not assured
 management believes it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be realized and thus we have not recorded any valuation allowance for the years ended June&#160;30
In accordance with accounting literature related to uncertainty in income taxes
Earnings per share (&#8220;EPS&#8221;) is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock and common stock equivalents (restricted stock and stock-settled stock appreciation rights) outstanding during each period. Unvested shares of restricted stock granted to employees are considered participating securities since employees receive nonforfeitable dividends prior to vesting and
 therefore
 are included in the earnings allocation in computing EPS under the two-class method. Basic EPS excludes dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period
(Tabular amounts in thousands
135
115
121
135
115
121
27
27
27
27
27
27
(8
(11
2
3
Total other comprehensive income
3
3
(1
Other comprehensive income
2
2
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017
(1
(8
(8
In March 2017
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued new accounting guidance to improve the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost by disaggregating the service cost component from the other components of net periodic benefit cost. The amendments require an employer to present service cost in the same line item(s) as compensation costs for the pertinent employees whereas the other components of net periodic benefit cost must be reported separately from service cost and outside of income from operations. The amendments also allow only the service cost component to be eligible for capitalization. The amendments require retrospective application for the income statement presentation provisions and prospective application for the capitalization of the service cost component. However
 as a result of prior years&#8217; restructuring activities
(Tabular amounts in thousands
Therefore
 the service cost provisions are not applicable to us
 and we expect only changes in classification on the income statement. We will adopt the new guidance on July 1
In May 2014
 the FASB issued new accounting guidance for the recognition of revenue and issued subsequent clarifications of this new guidance in 2016 and 2017. The core principle of the new guidance states that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This model is based on a control approach rather than the current risks and rewards model. We have completed a review of selected customer contracts and evaluated the impact of the new standard on certain common practices currently employed by us and by other manufacturers of consumer products. We have also finalized our assessment of the impact this standard will have on our accounting policies
 processes
 system requirements
 internal controls and disclosures using internal resources and the assistance of a third party. We will adopt the new guidance on July 1
 2018 using a modified retrospective approach
In February 2016
 the FASB issued new accounting guidance to require lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for leases with terms of more than 12 months and issued subsequent clarifications of this new guidance in 2018. This guidance retains the two classifications of a lease as either an operating or finance lease (previously referred to as a capital lease). Both lease classifications require the lessee to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability based upon the present value of the lease payments. Finance leases will reflect the financial arrangement by recognizing interest expense on the lease liability separately from the amortization expense of the right-of-use asset. Operating leases will recognize lease expense (with no separate recognition of interest expense) on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The guidance requires expanded qualitative and quantitative disclosures
 including additional information about the amounts recorded in the consolidated financial statements. The guidance will be effective for us in fiscal 2020 including interim periods. In July 2018
In February 2018
 the FASB issued new accounting guidance to allow a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income/loss to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (&#8220;Tax Act&#8221;). GAAP requires deferred tax assets and liabilities to be adjusted for the effect of a change in tax rates with the effect of the change included in income from continuing operations even when the related income tax effects of items in accumulated other comprehensive income/loss were originally recognized in other comprehensive income rather than in income from continuing operations. We adopted the new guidance on a prospective basis in the quarter ended March 31
 2018 and elected to reclassify these stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Act from accumulated other comprehensive loss to retained earnings in the period of adoption. These tax effects related to the impact of the change in the federal income tax rate on pension and postretirement benefit amounts remaining in accumulated other comprehensive loss
&#32;and a corresponding increase in retained earnings. Our accounting policy is to release stranded tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive loss. As this guidance only relates to balance sheet classification
In March 2016
 the FASB issued new accounting guidance to simplify the accounting for stock-based compensation. The amendments include changes to the accounting for share-based payment transactions
 including: the inclusion of the tax consequences related to stock-based compensation within the computation of income tax expense versus equity; the classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and the classification of share-based activity on the statement of cash flows. The adoption may result in increased volatility to our quarterly and annual income tax expense and resulting net income in future periods dependent upon
 among other variables
 the price of our common stock and the timing and volume of share-based payment award activity such as employee exercises of stock-settled stock appreciation rights and vesting of restricted stock awards. We adopted the new guidance on July 1
(Tabular amounts in thousands
On November 17
 2016
 we acquired substantially all of the assets of Angelic Bakehouse
 Inc. (&#8220;Angelic&#8221;). Angelic
 a privately owned manufacturer and marketer of premium sprouted grain bakery products
 is based near Milwaukee
&#32;was funded by cash on hand and includes immaterial post-closing adjustments
 which were paid in April 2017 and July 2017
 but excludes contingent consideration relating to an additional earn-out payment which is tied to performance-based conditions. In general
 the terms of the acquisition specify the sellers will receive an earn-out based upon a pre-determined multiple of the defined adjusted EBITDA of Angelic for fiscal 2021. We are unable to provide a range for the amount of this earn-out because it is based on the future adjusted EBITDA of Angelic
 and the earn-out does not contain a minimum or maximum value. See further discussion of the earn-out in Note&#160;3. Angelic is reported in our Retail segment
35
13
49
Property
5
24
18
49
Fair value is defined as the exit price
 or the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants as of the measurement date. GAAP sets forth a three-level fair value hierarchy
Level 1 &#8211; defined as observable inputs
Level 3 &#8211; defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists
 therefore
Our financial assets and liabilities subject to the three-level fair value hierarchy consist principally of cash and equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 contingent consideration payable and defined benefit pension plan assets. The estimated fair value of cash and equivalents
(Tabular amounts in thousands
Our contingent consideration
 which is measured at fair value on a recurring basis
Fair Value Measurements at June 30
17
17
Fair Value Measurements at June 30
15
15
The contingent consideration resulted from the earn-out associated with our November 17
 2016 acquisition of Angelic. The purchase price did not include the future earn-out payment which is tied to performance-based conditions. In general
 the terms of the acquisition specify the sellers will receive an earn-out based upon a pre-determined multiple of the defined adjusted EBITDA of Angelic for fiscal 2021. The fair value of the contingent consideration was estimated using a present value approach
 which incorporates factors such as business risks and projections
 to estimate an expected value. This fair value measurement is based on significant inputs not observable in the market and thus represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. Using this valuation technique
&#32;at November 17
15
13
Changes in fair value included in Selling
2
1
17
15
At June&#160;30
 
 we had an unsecured credit facility (&#8220;Facility&#8221;) under which we could borrow
 on a revolving credit basis
&#32;at any one time
April&#160;8
 2021
 and all outstanding amounts are then due and payable. Interest is variable based upon formulas tied to LIBOR or an alternative base rate defined in the Facility
 at our option. We must also pay facility fees that are tied to our then-applicable consolidated leverage ratio. Loans may be used for general corporate purposes. Due to the nature of its terms
 when we have outstanding borrowings under the Facility
At June&#160;30
 
&#32;borrowings outstanding under the Facility. At June&#160;30
 
&#32;of standby letters of credit outstanding
The Facility contains certain restrictive covenants
 including limitations on indebtedness
 asset sales and acquisitions. There are two principal financial covenants: an interest expense test that requires us to maintain an interest coverage ratio not less than 2.5 to 1 at the end of each fiscal quarter; and an indebtedness test that requires us to maintain a consolidated leverage ratio not greater than 3 to 1 at all times. The interest coverage ratio is calculated by dividing Consolidated EBIT by Consolidated Interest Expense
(Tabular amounts in thousands
We have operating leases with initial noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year covering the rental of various facilities and equipment
. Certain of these leases contain renewal options
6
4
3
2
1
3
Total rent expense
 including short-term cancelable leases
6
6
5
1
1
1
7
8
6
In addition to the items discussed below
 at June&#160;30
 
 we were a party to various claims and litigation matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Such matters did not have a material effect on the current-year results of operations and
 in our opinion
With our acquisition of Angelic
&#32;of our employees are represented under various collective bargaining contracts. The labor contract for our Milpitas
 California plant facility
 which produces various sauce and dressing products
 will expire on December 15
As described in Notes 1 and 10
 we changed our reportable segments as of July 1
 2017 when our organizational structure changed. Using a relative fair value approach
 we reassigned our existing goodwill balance to the two new reporting units that directly align with our new Retail and Foodservice reportable segments. Based on this approach
 goodwill attributable to the Retail and Foodservice segments was 
 respectively
 at June&#160;30
(Tabular amounts in thousands
50
50
(5
(3
45
47
14
14
(8
(7
5
7
6
6
(1
(1
4
5
56
60
Amortization expense for our other intangible assets
 which is reflected in Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses
3
3
2
3
3
3
3
3
23
21
8
7
1
1
1
2
3
35
35
(Tabular amounts in thousands
17
15
12
8
4
4
1
4
1
1
3
3
41
38
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (&#8220;Tax Act&#8221;) was signed into law on December 22
 2017 with an effective date of January 1
 2018. Most notably
. Since we file our tax return based on our fiscal year
. In addition to the effect of the lower overall federal tax rate
The SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (&#8220;SAB 118&#8221;) on December 22
 2017. SAB 118 allows for a measurement period in which companies can either use provisional estimates for changes resulting from the Tax Act or apply the tax laws that were in effect immediately prior to the Tax Act being enacted if estimates cannot be determined at the time of the preparation of the financial statements until the actual impacts can be determined. We recorded an estimate of the impact of the Tax Act within our December 31
 2017 financial statements
 including the impact of items recorded within accumulated other comprehensive loss. There were no material changes to these estimates in the six months ended June 30
 2018. We will continue to evaluate the impacts of the Tax Act and record adjustments
 as needed
 including adjustments related to the filing of our 2018 federal tax return
 but do not expect material changes to the amounts recorded. In February 2018
 the FASB issued new accounting guidance to allow a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income/loss to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Act. We recorded this reclassification in the quarter ended March 31
40
51
57
7
6
6
48
57
63
Deferred federal
(9
2
38
60
62
In 2018
 we adopted new accounting guidance for stock-based compensation. One of the changes resulting from this new guidance is the inclusion of the tax consequences related to stock-based compensation within the computation of income tax expense versus equity. We adopted this provision on a prospective basis. Prior to 2018
 certain tax benefits were recorded directly to common stock
&#32;for 2017 and 2016
(Tabular amounts in thousands
For the years ended June&#160;30
6
10
3
5
1
1
1
1
12
18
Property
(15
(22
(8
(14
(5
(7
(29
(43
(16
(25
June&#160;30
 2018
June&#160;30
46
59
62
The gross tax contingency reserve at June&#160;30
. The unrecognized tax benefits recorded as the gross tax contingency reserve noted in the following table for June&#160;30
&#32;would affect our effective tax rate
(Tabular amounts in thousands
Balance
1
1
Balance
1
1
We have not classified any of the gross tax contingency reserve at June&#160;30
&#32;of these amounts are expected to be resolved within the next 12 months. Consequently
&#32;was included in Other Noncurrent Liabilities. We expect that the amount of these liabilities will change within the next 12 months; however
We recognize interest and penalties related to these tax liabilities in income tax expense. For each of the years ended June&#160;30
We file federal and various state and local income tax returns in the United States. With limited exceptions
. In accordance with FASB guidance
 this deduction is treated as a special deduction
 as opposed to a tax rate reduction and is properly reflected in the effective tax rate table. This deduction was repealed by the Tax Act. Therefore
Effective July 1
 2017
 David A. Ciesinski
 our President and Chief Operating Officer
 succeeded John B. Gerlach
 Jr. as CEO. As President and CEO
 Mr.&#160;Ciesinski became our principal executive officer and CODM. This change resulted in modifications to the CODM&#8217;s approach to managing the business
 assessing performance and allocating resources. Consequently
 beginning on July 1
 2017
 our segment reporting structure was amended to align with these changes
&#32;reportable segments: Retail and Foodservice. Costs that are directly attributable to either Retail or Foodservice are charged directly to the appropriate segment. Costs that are deemed to be indirect
 excluding corporate expenses and other unusual significant transactions
 are allocated to the two reportable segments using a reasonable methodology that is consistently applied. All historical information was retroactively conformed to the current presentation. These segment changes had no effect on previously reported consolidated net sales
 operating income
Retail - The vast majority of the products we sell in the Retail segment are sold through sales personnel
 food brokers and distributors in the United States. We have placement of products in grocery produce departments through our refrigerated salad dressings
 vegetable dips and fruit dips. Our flatbread products and sprouted grain bakery products are generally placed in the specialty bakery/deli section of the grocery store. We also have products typically marketed in the shelf-stable section of the grocery store
 which include salad dressing
 slaw dressing and croutons. Within the frozen food section of the grocery store
(Tabular amounts in thousands
Foodservice - The vast majority of the products we sell in the Foodservice segment are sold through sales personnel
 food brokers and distributors in the United States. Most of the products we sell in the Foodservice segment are custom-formulated and include salad dressings
 sandwich and dipping sauces
Within our organization
 our procurement
 manufacturing
 warehousing and distribution activities are substantially integrated across our operations in order to maximize efficiency and productivity
 as many of our products are similar between the two segments. Consequently
 we do not prepare
 and the CODM does not review
 separate balance sheets for the reportable segments. As such
 our external reporting does not include the presentation of identifiable assets
252
253
240
Refrigerated dressings
226
221
212
171
166
165
650
641
619
430
427
435
141
133
135
572
560
571
1
222
1
201
1
191
(Tabular amounts in thousands
The following sets forth certain additional financial information attributable to our reportable segments
650
641
619
572
560
571
1
222
1
201
1
191
126
138
134
58
66
61
(17
(12
(12
(12
172
174
184
589
577
515
214
138
119
804
716
634
31
26
16
31
27
16
26
24
24
26
24
24
include various expenses of a general corporate nature
 as well as costs related to certain divested or closed nonfood operations
 including the expense associated with retirement plans applicable to those closed units. By their very nature
Retail and Foodservice identifiable assets include those assets used in our operations and other intangible assets allocated to purchased businesses. Corporate assets consist principally of cash and equivalents. The increase in Corporate identifiable assets from June 30
 2017 to June 30
 2018 was primarily due to the increase in cash and equivalents. The increase in Retail and Foodservice identifiable assets from June 30
 2016 to June 30
As discussed above
 we do not present identifiable assets
Retail segment net sales attributable to Walmart Inc. (&#8220;Walmart&#8221;) and Foodservice segment net sales attributable to McLane Company
 Inc. (&#8220;McLane&#8221;)
 a wholesale distribution subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway
 Inc.
209
201
189
185
198
232
(Tabular amounts in thousands
2
000
&#32;common shares for issuance to our employees and directors. As the 2005 Plan expired in May 2015
1
500
&#32;common shares for issuance to our employees and directors. All awards granted under these plans will be exercisable at prices not less than fair market value as of the date of the grant. The vesting period for awards granted under these plans varies as to the type of award granted
We adopted new accounting guidance for stock-based compensation on July 1
 2017. See further discussion in Note 1. We recognize compensation expense over the requisite service period of the grant. Compensation expense is reflected in Cost of Sales or Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses based on the grantees&#8217; salaries expense classification. We record tax benefits and excess tax benefits related to stock-settled stock appreciation rights (&#8220;SSSARs&#8221;) and restricted stock awards. These excess tax benefits are included in the operating section of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. We estimate a forfeiture rate for our SSSARs and restricted stock grants based on historical experience.
 
For these grants
 the volatility factor was estimated based on actual historical volatility of our stock for a time period equal to the term of the SSSARs. The expected average life was determined based on historical exercise experience for this type of grant. The SSSARs we grant vest one-third on the first anniversary of the grant date
2
1
1
2
2
3
1
(Tabular amounts in thousands
2
1
1
The following table summarizes the activity relating to SSSARs granted under the plans for the year ended June&#160;30
13
6
12
The following table summarizes information about the SSSARs outstanding by grant year at June&#160;30
At June&#160;30
 
 there was 
 
3
1
2
The restricted stock under these employee grants vests on the third anniversary of the grant date. Under the terms of our grants
(Tabular amounts in thousands
 except per share data)
 
-year period
2
2
1
1
2
1
The following table summarizes the activity relating to restricted stock granted under the plans for the year ended June&#160;30
At June&#160;30
 
We sponsor multiple defined benefit pension plans that covered certain workers under collective bargaining contracts. However
 as a result of prior-years&#8217; restructuring activities
 for all periods presented
At the end of the year
 we discount our plan liabilities using an assumed discount rate. In estimating this rate
 we
 along with our third-party actuaries
 review the timing of future benefit payments
 bond indices
(Tabular amounts in thousands
In determining the long-term expected return on plan assets
 we consider our related investment guidelines
 our expectations of long-term rates of return by asset category
 our target asset allocation weighting and historical rates of return and volatility for equity and fixed income investments. The investment strategy for plan assets is to control and manage investment risk through diversification among asset classes
 investment managers/funds and investment styles.&#160;The plans&#8217; investment guidelines have been designed to meet the intended objective that plan assets earn at least nominal returns equal to or in excess of the plans&#8217; liability growth rate.&#160;In consideration of the current average age of the plans&#8217; participants
Our target asset allocations are maintained through ongoing review and periodic rebalancing of equity and fixed income investments with assistance from an independent outside investment consultant. Also
 the plan assets are diversified among asset classes
We categorize our plan assets within a three-level fair value hierarchy
 as previously defined in Note 3. The following table summarizes the fair values and levels
 within the fair value hierarchy
June 30
1
1
3
3
3
3
2
2
7
7
18
18
27
8
36
June&#160;30
3
3
3
3
2
2
8
8
17
17
27
9
36
(Tabular amounts in thousands
The plan assets classified at Level 2 include fixed income securities consisting of government securities
 municipal obligations
 corporate obligations and mortgage obligations. For these types of securities
 market prices are observable for identical or similar investment securities but not readily accessible for each of those investments individually at the measurement date. For these assets
 we obtain pricing information from an independent pricing service. The pricing service uses various pricing models for each asset class that are consistent with what other market participants would use. The inputs and assumptions to the model of the pricing service are derived from market observable sources including as applicable: benchmark yields
 reported trades
 broker/dealer quotes
 issuer spreads
 two-sided markets
 benchmark securities
 bids
40
44
1
1
(3
(2
(2
(2
36
40
36
35
2
3
(2
(2
36
36
(4
1
(1
(4
(4
36
40
The following table discloses
 in the aggregate
6
38
4
33
(Tabular amounts in thousands
12
16
(2
(6
9
10
1
1
1
(2
(2
(2
520
 but based on initial estimates
2
2
2
2
2
12
. Contributions are determined under various formulas
1
1
In the three years ended June&#160;30
 
 certain of our subsidiaries participated in multiemployer plans that provide pension benefits to retiree workers under collective bargaining contracts at such locations. These plans generally provide for retirement
 death and/or termination benefits for eligible employees within the applicable collective bargaining contract
 based on specific eligibility/participation requirements
 vesting periods and benefit formulas. The risks of participating in these multiemployer plans are different from single-employer plans in the following aspects: (1) assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers
 (2) if a participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers and (3) if a participating employer chooses to stop participating in the multiemployer plan
 it may be required to pay the plan an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan
(Tabular amounts in thousands
In 2017 the employees at our Bedford Heights
 Ohio plant voted to ratify a new collective bargaining agreement. Among other terms
 the new agreement provided for our complete withdrawal from the underfunded multiemployer Cleveland Bakers and Teamsters Pension Fund. As settlement of our portion of underfunded pension benefits of the multiemployer plan
Our participation in multiemployer pension plans for the three years ended June&#160;30
&#32;is reflected in the following table. All information in the table is as of December&#160;31 of the relevant year
 except contributions which are based on our fiscal year
 or except as otherwise noted. The EIN-PN column provides the Employer Identification Number (&#8220;EIN&#8221;) and the Plan Number (&#8220;PN&#8221;). The pension protection act zone status is based on information that we received from the plan. Among other factors
 generally
 plans in critical status (red zone) are less than 65 percent funded
 plans in endangered or seriously endangered status (yellow zone or orange zone
 respectively) are less than 80 percent funded
 and plans at least 80 percent funded are said to be in the green zone. The FIP/RP status pending/implemented column indicates plans for which a funding improvement plan (&#8220;FIP&#8221;) or a rehabilitation plan (&#8220;RP&#8221;) is either pending or has been implemented by the trustees of each plan. Except as noted below regarding contributions to the Cleveland Bakers and Teamsters Pension Fund
 there have been no significant changes that affect the comparability of 
Yes
2
1
2
2
As discussed above
Our contributions to the Cleveland Bakers and Teamsters Pension Fund exceeded 5% of the total contributions to the plan in the plan year ended December&#160;31
Under these two multiemployer plans
3
3
3
We also began to make non-elective contributions for the union employees at our Bedford Heights
&#32;and 2017
 respectively
We offer a deferred compensation plan for select employees who may elect to defer a certain percentage of annual compensation. We do not match any contributions. Each participant earns interest based upon the prime rate of interest
 adjusted semi-annually
4
4
(Tabular amounts in thousands
298
319
296
308
1
222
75
83
67
76
303
29
45
27
32
135
291
326
293
289
1
201
80
93
71
72
318
33
38
14
28
115
314
&#32;per diluted share
 resulting from the Tax Act. The fiscal year impact was 
 or approximately 
 net of taxes
&#32;per diluted share
Diluted net income per common share amounts are calculated independently for each of the quarters presented. Accordingly
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s (&#8220;SEC&#8221;) rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures
 management recognizes that any controls and procedures
 no matter how well-designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives
As required by SEC Rule 13a-15(b)
 we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on the foregoing
June&#160;30
Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 and effected by our Board of Directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of an unauthorized acquisition
Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations
 there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However
 these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore
 it is only possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce
 though not eliminate
Our internal control over financial reporting has been audited by Deloitte&#160;&amp; Touche LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm. Their opinion
 as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
 is stated in their report
There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
June&#160;30
 2018
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30
 2018
We have also audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
June&#160;30
 2018
August&#160;27
 2018
The Company&#8217;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)&#160;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)&#160;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3)&#160;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
Columbus
August&#160;27
Directors
The information regarding our directors and executive officers
 including the identification of the Audit Committee and the Audit Committee financial expert
The information regarding changes
 if any
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
June&#160;30
Exhibits
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
 2018
August&#160;27
 2018
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
 2018
June&#160;30
 2018
June&#160;30
 2018
June&#160;30
 2018
Pursuant to the requirements of Section&#160;13 and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
President
August&#160;27
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
President
August&#160;27
/s/ JOHN B. GERLACH
August&#160;27
John B. Gerlach
Vice President
August&#160;27
August 22
August 22
August 22
August 22
August 22
August 22
August 22
August 22
JUNE&#160;30
Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Lancaster Colony Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (000-04065)
 filed February 3
Amended and Restated Regulations of Lancaster Colony Corporation
 dated as of April 18
 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (000-04065)
 filed April 19
Description of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (000-04065)
 filed October 29
Credit Agreement
 dated as of April 8
 2016
 among Lancaster Colony Corporation
 the Lenders
 The Huntington National Bank as Syndication Agent and JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A. as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (000-04065)
 filed April 11
Lancaster Colony Corporation Executive Employee Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (000-04065)
 filed September 26
2004 Amendment to Lancaster Colony Corporation Executive Employee Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (000-04065)
 filed January 3
Lancaster Colony Corporation 2005 Executive Employee Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (000-04065)
 filed February 25
Lancaster Colony Corporation 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company&#8217;s Definitive Proxy Statement (000-04065)
 filed October 9
Lancaster Colony Corporation Amended and Restated 2005 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (000-04065)
 filed November 19
Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Directors under the Lancaster Colony Corporation 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (000-04065)
 filed November 17
Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement for Employees and Consultants under the Lancaster Colony Corporation 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (000-04065)
 filed May 1
Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Employees and Consultants under the Lancaster Colony Corporation 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (000-04065)
 filed May 1
Description of Executive Bonus Arrangements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (000-04065)
 filed September 10
Employment Agreement
 dated April 18
 2016
 between Lancaster Colony Corporation and David A. Ciesinski (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (000-04065)
 filed April 19
First Amendment to Employment Agreement
 dated October 27
 2016
 between Lancaster Colony Corporation and David A. Ciesinski (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (000-04065)
 filed October 31
Lancaster Colony Corporation Form of Change in Control Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (000-04065)
 filed October 31
Certification of CEO and CFO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan
 contract or arrangement in which any Director or any Executive Officer participates.














		

















		


Angelic Bakehouse
Flatout
Marzetti Frozen Pasta
New York Frozen Foods
Sister Schubert&#8217;s Homemade Rolls
 Inc.*














		


We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos.&#160;333-131926 and 333-208048 on Form&#160;S-8 of our reports relating to the consolidated financial statements of Lancaster Colony Corporation and subsidiaries
August&#160;27
 2018
June&#160;30
Columbus
August&#160;27
 2018














		


I
 David A. Ciesinski
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
August&#160;27
 2018














		


I
 Douglas A. Fell
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
August&#160;27
 2018














		


June&#160;30
 2018
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 David A. Ciesinski
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 and Douglas A. Fell
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 do each hereby certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
August&#160;27
August&#160;27
 2018


















			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			


			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			



		


		




				


				




		


		

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	

198&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;59
008&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;62


 plant and equipment included in Accounts Payable and excluded from the property additions and the change in accounts payable in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows at June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Construction in progress in Accounts Payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;622&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1

	
	

330&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
916&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we granted shares of restricted stock to various employees under the terms of the plans. The following table summarizes information relating to these grants:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Employees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Restricted stock granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Grant date fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
218&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
591&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2


 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;




135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;8
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
711&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Marketing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;485&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
284&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;35
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35
270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other noncurrent liabilities at June&amp;#160;30 were composed of:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Acquisition-related contingent consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;17
080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Workers compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;12
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred compensation and accrued interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4
611&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pension benefit liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
312&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
344&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross tax contingency reserve&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Postretirement benefit liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
561&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
557&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total other noncurrent liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;41
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38

	

 which have quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets. As a result of our cash management system
 checks issued but not presented to the banks for payment may create negative book cash balances. When such negative balances exist


 which expire at various dates through fiscal year &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Certain of these leases contain renewal options
 some provide options to purchase during the lease term and some require contingent rentals. The future minimum rental commitments due under these leases are summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:87%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
839&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
475&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
781&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total rent expense
 including short-term cancelable leases
 during the years ended June&amp;#160;30 is summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating leases:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Minimum rentals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;6
663&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Contingent rentals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Short-term cancelable leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
257&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
611&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;7
920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
041&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6


 and we contributed to two of these plans in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Costs related to such plans for each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Costs related to company-sponsored defined contribution plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;992&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Multiemployer Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In the three years ended June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 certain of our subsidiaries participated in multiemployer plans that provide pension benefits to retiree workers under collective bargaining contracts at such locations. These plans generally provide for retirement
 death and/or termination benefits for eligible employees within the applicable collective bargaining contract
 based on specific eligibility/participation requirements
 vesting periods and benefit formulas. The risks of participating in these multiemployer plans are different from single-employer plans in the following aspects: (1) assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers
 (2) if a participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers and (3) if a participating employer chooses to stop participating in the multiemployer plan
 it may be required to pay the plan an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan
 referred to as a withdrawal liability.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In 2017 the employees at our Bedford Heights
 Ohio plant voted to ratify a new collective bargaining agreement. Among other terms
 the new agreement provided for our complete withdrawal from the underfunded multiemployer Cleveland Bakers and Teamsters Pension Fund. As settlement of our portion of underfunded pension benefits of the multiemployer plan
 we paid &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$17.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in 2017 for a full withdrawal from the plan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our participation in multiemployer pension plans for the three years ended June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; is reflected in the following table. All information in the table is as of December&amp;#160;31 of the relevant year
 except contributions which are based on our fiscal year
 or except as otherwise noted. The EIN-PN column provides the Employer Identification Number (&amp;#8220;EIN&amp;#8221;) and the Plan Number (&amp;#8220;PN&amp;#8221;). The pension protection act zone status is based on information that we received from the plan. Among other factors
 generally
 plans in critical status (red zone) are less than 65 percent funded
 plans in endangered or seriously endangered status (yellow zone or orange zone
 respectively) are less than 80 percent funded
 and plans at least 80 percent funded are said to be in the green zone. The FIP/RP status pending/implemented column indicates plans for which a funding improvement plan (&amp;#8220;FIP&amp;#8221;) or a rehabilitation plan (&amp;#8220;RP&amp;#8221;) is either pending or has been implemented by the trustees of each plan. Except as noted below regarding contributions to the Cleveland Bakers and Teamsters Pension Fund
 there have been no significant changes that affect the comparability of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; or &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; contributions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=25 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:15%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Pension Protection&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Act Zone Status&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Contributions &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Plan Name&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;EIN/PN&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;FIP/RP Status&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Pending /&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Implemented&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Surcharge&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Imposed&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Expiration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Date of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Collective&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Bargaining&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Cleveland Bakers and Teamsters Pension Fund &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;34-0904419-001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Red&lt;br clear=none/&gt;12/31/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Red&lt;br clear=none/&gt;12/31/15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Yes
&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Implemented&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;1
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;No&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;91-6145047-001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Green&lt;br clear=none/&gt;12/31/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Green&lt;br clear=none/&gt;12/31/15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;No&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;No&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;12/15/2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Total contributions to multiemployer plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2
507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2

 we withdrew from this plan in 2017 and did not make any contributions in 2018. Our 2017 contributions included amounts related to a new collective bargaining contract.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our contributions to the Cleveland Bakers and Teamsters Pension Fund exceeded 5% of the total contributions to the plan in the plan year ended December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Under these two multiemployer plans
 we also contribute amounts for health and welfare benefits that are defined by each plan. These benefits are not vested. The contributions required by our participation in these plans for each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Multiemployer health and welfare plan contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
167&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We also began to make non-elective contributions for the union employees at our Bedford Heights
 Ohio plant into a union-sponsored multiemployer 401(k) plan following our withdrawal from the underfunded Cleveland Bakers and Teamsters Pension Fund in 2017. Our contributions totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.8&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and 2017
 respectively
 including &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.6&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to initially fund this 401(k) plan in 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Deferred Compensation Plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We offer a deferred compensation plan for select employees who may elect to defer a certain percentage of annual compensation. We do not match any contributions. Each participant earns interest based upon the prime rate of interest
 adjusted semi-annually
 on their respective deferred compensation balance. Participants are paid out upon retirement or termination in accordance with their annual election. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes our liability for total deferred compensation and accrued interest at June&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Liability for deferred compensation and accrued interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4
611&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4

	

 we limit the amount of credit exposure to any one institution or issuer. Our concentration of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivable is mitigated by our credit evaluation process and by having a large and diverse customer base. However
 see Note 10 with respect to our accounts receivable with Walmart Inc. and McLane Company
 Inc.
 a wholesale distribution subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway


 collectively referred to as &amp;#8220;we
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;us
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;our
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;registrant
&amp;#8221; or the &amp;#8220;Company.&amp;#8221; Intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation. Our fiscal year begins on July&amp;#160;1 and ends on June&amp;#160;30. Unless otherwise noted
 references to &amp;#8220;year&amp;#8221; pertain to our fiscal year; for example
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; refers to fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which is the period from July&amp;#160;1
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Effective July 1
 2017
 David A. Ciesinski
 our President and Chief Operating Officer
 succeeded John B. Gerlach
 Jr. as Chief Executive Officer (&amp;#8220;CEO&amp;#8221;). As President and CEO
 Mr.&amp;#160;Ciesinski became our principal executive officer and chief operating decision maker (&amp;#8220;CODM&amp;#8221;). This change resulted in modifications to the CODM&amp;#8217;s approach to managing the business
 assessing performance and allocating resources. Consequently
 beginning on July 1
 2017
 our segment reporting structure was amended to align with these changes


 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had an unsecured credit facility (&amp;#8220;Facility&amp;#8221;) under which we could borrow
 on a revolving credit basis
 up to a maximum of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$150&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at any one time
 with potential to expand the total credit availability to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$225&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; subject to us obtaining consent of the issuing banks and certain other conditions. The Facility expires on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;8
 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and all outstanding amounts are then due and payable. Interest is variable based upon formulas tied to LIBOR or an alternative base rate defined in the Facility
 at our option. We must also pay facility fees that are tied to our then-applicable consolidated leverage ratio. Loans may be used for general corporate purposes. Due to the nature of its terms
 when we have outstanding borrowings under the Facility
 they will be classified as long-term debt.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; borrowings outstanding under the Facility. At June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5.1&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of standby letters of credit outstanding
 which reduced the amount available for borrowing on the Facility. We paid &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; interest in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Facility contains certain restrictive covenants
 including limitations on indebtedness
 asset sales and acquisitions. There are two principal financial covenants: an interest expense test that requires us to maintain an interest coverage ratio not less than 2.5 to 1 at the end of each fiscal quarter; and an indebtedness test that requires us to maintain a consolidated leverage ratio not greater than 3 to 1 at all times. The interest coverage ratio is calculated by dividing Consolidated EBIT by Consolidated Interest Expense


 and we contributed to two of these plans in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Costs related to such plans for each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Costs related to company-sponsored defined contribution plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; common shares for issuance to our employees and directors. As the 2005 Plan expired in May 2015
 we obtained shareholder approval of the Lancaster Colony Corporation 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;2015 Plan&amp;#8221;) at our November 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The 2015 Plan did not affect any currently outstanding equity awards granted under the 2005 Plan. The 2015 Plan reserved &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; common shares for issuance to our employees and directors. All awards granted under these plans will be exercisable at prices not less than fair market value as of the date of the grant. The vesting period for awards granted under these plans varies as to the type of award granted
 but generally these awards have a maximum term of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We adopted new accounting guidance for stock-based compensation on July 1
 2017. See further discussion in Note 1. We recognize compensation expense over the requisite service period of the grant. Compensation expense is reflected in Cost of Sales or Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses based on the grantees&amp;#8217; salaries expense classification. We record tax benefits and excess tax benefits related to stock-settled stock appreciation rights (&amp;#8220;SSSARs&amp;#8221;) and restricted stock awards. These excess tax benefits are included in the operating section of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. We estimate a forfeiture rate for our SSSARs and restricted stock grants based on historical experience.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Stock-Settled Stock Appreciation Rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We use periodic grants of SSSARs as a vehicle for rewarding certain employees with long-term incentives for their efforts in helping to create long-term shareholder value. We calculate the fair value of SSSARs grants using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Our policy is to issue shares upon SSSARs exercise from new shares that had been previously authorized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we granted SSSARs to various employees under the terms of the plans. The following table summarizes information relating to these grants:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;SSSARs granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;185&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average grant date fair value per right&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;17.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average assumptions used in fair value calculations:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Volatility factor of the expected market price of our common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;22.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected life in years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;For these grants
 the volatility factor was estimated based on actual historical volatility of our stock for a time period equal to the term of the SSSARs. The expected average life was determined based on historical exercise experience for this type of grant. The SSSARs we grant vest one-third on the first anniversary of the grant date
 one-third on the second anniversary of the grant date and one-third on the third anniversary of the grant date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes our SSSARs compensation expense and tax benefits recorded for each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Compensation expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
455&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
472&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;690&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;659&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;515&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intrinsic value of exercises&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
381&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
788&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Excess tax benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;798&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
341&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The total fair values of SSSARs vested for each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of vested rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
330&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
916&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes the activity relating to SSSARs granted under the plans for the year ended June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:45%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:13%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number&amp;#160;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Remaining&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Contractual&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Life in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Aggregate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;521&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;109.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;93.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;185&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;121.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;115.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;115.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;13
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercisable and vested at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;107.41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;6
986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Vested and expected to vest at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;562&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;116.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;12
423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes information about the SSSARs outstanding by grant year at June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:13%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:16%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:13%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:13%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:13%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:13%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:13%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Grant Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Range&amp;#160;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercise&amp;#160;Prices&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Remaining&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Contractual&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Life in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$117.76-$124.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$121.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$121.54-$138.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$134.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$134.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$101.70-$112.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$104.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$105.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$91.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$91.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$91.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$89.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;0.66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$89.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$89.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 there was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.7&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of unrecognized compensation expense related to SSSARs that we will recognize over a weighted-average period of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Restricted Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We use periodic grants of restricted stock as a vehicle for rewarding our nonemployee directors and certain employees with long-term incentives for their efforts in helping to create long-term shareholder value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we granted shares of restricted stock to various employees under the terms of the plans. The following table summarizes information relating to these grants:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Employees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Restricted stock granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Grant date fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
218&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
591&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average grant date fair value per award&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;121.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;134.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;102.89&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The restricted stock under these employee grants vests on the third anniversary of the grant date. Under the terms of our grants
 employees receive dividends on unforfeited restricted stock regardless of their vesting status.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we also granted shares of restricted stock to our nonemployee directors under the terms of the plans. The following table summarizes information relating to each of these grants:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Nonemployee directors&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Restricted stock granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Grant date fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average grant date fair value per award&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;123.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;138.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;112.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; grant vests over a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year period
 and all of these shares are expected to vest. Dividends earned on the stock during the vesting period will be paid to the directors at the time the stock vests.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes our restricted stock compensation expense and tax benefits recorded for each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Compensation expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
584&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;649&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Excess tax benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;325&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The total fair values of restricted stock vested for each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of vested shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes the activity relating to restricted stock granted under the plans for the year ended June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number&amp;#160;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Average&amp;#160;Grant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Date&amp;#160;Fair&amp;#160;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unvested restricted stock at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;111.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;121.47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;110.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;107.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Unvested restricted stock at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;116.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 therefore
 are included in the earnings allocation in computing EPS under the two-class method. Basic EPS excludes dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period


 or the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants as of the measurement date. GAAP sets forth a three-level fair value hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The three levels are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level 1 &amp;#8211; defined as observable inputs
 such as quoted market prices in active markets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level 2 &amp;#8211; defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level 3 &amp;#8211; defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists
 therefore
 requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our financial assets and liabilities subject to the three-level fair value hierarchy consist principally of cash and equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 contingent consideration payable and defined benefit pension plan assets. The estimated fair value of cash and equivalents
 accounts receivable and accounts payable approximates their carrying value. See Note 12 for fair value disclosures related to our defined benefit pension plan assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our contingent consideration
 which is measured at fair value on a recurring basis
 is included in Other Noncurrent Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The following table summarizes our contingent consideration as of June 30: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:52%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair Value Measurements at June 30
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Acquisition-related contingent consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;17
080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;17
080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:normal;&gt;Fair Value Measurements at June 30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Acquisition-related contingent consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The contingent consideration resulted from the earn-out associated with our November 17
 2016 acquisition of Angelic. The purchase price did not include the future earn-out payment which is tied to performance-based conditions. In general
 the terms of the acquisition specify the sellers will receive an earn-out based upon a pre-determined multiple of the defined adjusted EBITDA of Angelic for fiscal 2021. The fair value of the contingent consideration was estimated using a present value approach
 which incorporates factors such as business risks and projections
 to estimate an expected value. This fair value measurement is based on significant inputs not observable in the market and thus represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. Using this valuation technique
 the fair value of the contingent consideration was determined to be &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$13.9&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at November 17
 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table represents our Level 3 fair value measurements using significant other unobservable inputs for acquisition-related contingent consideration: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Acquisition-related contingent consideration at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;15
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Changes in fair value included in Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Acquisition-related contingent consideration at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;17
080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15


 which is measured at fair value on a recurring basis
 is included in Other Noncurrent Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The following table summarizes our contingent consideration as of June 30: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:52%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair Value Measurements at June 30
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Acquisition-related contingent consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;17
080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;17
080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:normal;&gt;Fair Value Measurements at June 30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Acquisition-related contingent consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15


028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Changes in fair value included in Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Acquisition-related contingent consideration at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;17
080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15


 which is reflected in Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses
 was as follows in each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
453&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2


 we changed our reportable segments as of July 1
 2017 when our organizational structure changed. Using a relative fair value approach
 we reassigned our existing goodwill balance to the two new reporting units that directly align with our new Retail and Foodservice reportable segments. Based on this approach
 goodwill attributable to the Retail and Foodservice segments was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$119.3&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$48.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 at June&amp;#160;30

321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(5
071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3
130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;45
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;47
191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trademarks (27-year life)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Customer Relationships (10 to 15-year life)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;14
207&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
207&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(8
283&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;5
924&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Technology / Know-how (10-year life)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;6
350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(1
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4
668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
303&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Non-compete Agreements (5-year life)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;791&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;791&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(299&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total net carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;56
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;60
162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization expense for our other intangible assets
 which is reflected in Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses
 was as follows in each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
453&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total annual amortization expense for each of the next five years is estimated to be as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:87%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3




 we determine if the assets are recoverable by comparing the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows to the assets&amp;#8217; carrying amounts. Our cash flows are based on historical results adjusted to reflect our best estimate of future market and operating conditions. If the carrying amounts are greater
 then the assets are not recoverable. In that instance


 2017 with an effective date of January 1
 2018. Most notably
 the Tax Act reduced the statutory federal income tax rate for corporations from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Since we file our tax return based on our fiscal year
 the statutory federal income tax rate for our 2018 tax return will be a blended rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. In addition to the effect of the lower overall federal tax rate
 the Tax Act resulted in a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$9.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; one-time benefit for the re-measurement of our net deferred tax liability in 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (&amp;#8220;SAB 118&amp;#8221;) on December 22
 2017. SAB 118 allows for a measurement period in which companies can either use provisional estimates for changes resulting from the Tax Act or apply the tax laws that were in effect immediately prior to the Tax Act being enacted if estimates cannot be determined at the time of the preparation of the financial statements until the actual impacts can be determined. We recorded an estimate of the impact of the Tax Act within our December 31
 2017 financial statements
 including the impact of items recorded within accumulated other comprehensive loss. There were no material changes to these estimates in the six months ended June 30
 2018. We will continue to evaluate the impacts of the Tax Act and record adjustments
 as needed
 including adjustments related to the filing of our 2018 federal tax return
 but do not expect material changes to the amounts recorded. In February 2018
 the FASB issued new accounting guidance to allow a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income/loss to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Act. We recorded this reclassification in the quarter ended March 31
 2018. See further discussion under the caption &amp;#8220;Recently Adopted Accounting Standards&amp;#8221; in Note 1.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We file a consolidated federal income tax return. Taxes based on income for the years ended June&amp;#160;30 have been provided as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Currently payable:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;40
766&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51
524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State and local&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;7
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total current provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;48
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57
843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;63
618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred federal
 state and local (benefit) provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(9
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total taxes based on income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;38
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;60
202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;62
869&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In 2018
 we adopted new accounting guidance for stock-based compensation. One of the changes resulting from this new guidance is the inclusion of the tax consequences related to stock-based compensation within the computation of income tax expense versus equity. We adopted this provision on a prospective basis. Prior to 2018
 certain tax benefits were recorded directly to common stock
 and these amounts totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.1&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.4&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for 2017 and 2016
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;For the years ended June&amp;#160;30

407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
992&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
314&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
041&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
029&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;12
540&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18
609&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(15
551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(22
188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(8
518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(14
070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(5
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7
092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(29
344&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(43
816&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:84px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(16
804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(25
207&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepaid federal income taxes of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.6&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$6.1&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; were included in Other Current Assets at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;June&amp;#160;30
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Prepaid state and local income taxes of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.9&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; were included in Other Current Assets at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;June&amp;#160;30
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net cash payments for income taxes for each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net cash payments for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;46
198&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;59
008&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;62
901&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The gross tax contingency reserve at June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.3&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and consisted of estimated tax liabilities of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.7&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and interest and penalties of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.6&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The unrecognized tax benefits recorded as the gross tax contingency reserve noted in the following table for June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; would affect our effective tax rate
 if recognized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table sets forth changes in our total gross tax contingency reserve (including interest and penalties):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax positions related to the current year:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax positions related to prior years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(567&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have not classified any of the gross tax contingency reserve at June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in Accrued Liabilities as &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;none&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of these amounts are expected to be resolved within the next 12 months. Consequently
 the entire liability of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.3&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was included in Other Noncurrent Liabilities. We expect that the amount of these liabilities will change within the next 12 months; however
 we do not expect the change to have a significant effect on our financial position or results of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize interest and penalties related to these tax liabilities in income tax expense. For each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30

 we are no longer subject to examination of U.S. federal or state and local income taxes for years prior to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The American Jobs Creation Act provided a tax deduction calculated as a percentage of qualified income from manufacturing in the United States. The deduction percentage for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;9%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. In accordance with FASB guidance
 this deduction is treated as a special deduction
 as opposed to a tax rate reduction and is properly reflected in the effective tax rate table. This deduction was repealed by the Tax Act. Therefore


 deferred tax assets and liabilities and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management&amp;#8217;s best assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid. We are subject to income taxes in numerous domestic jurisdictions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our annual effective tax rate is determined based on our income
 statutory tax rates and the permanent tax impacts of items treated differently for tax purposes than for financial reporting purposes. Tax law requires certain items be included in the tax return at different times than the items are reflected in the financial statements. Some of these differences are permanent
 such as expenses that are not deductible in our tax return
 and some differences are temporary
 reversing over time
 such as depreciation expense. These temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. See further discussion in Note 9.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Realization of certain deferred tax assets is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods. Although realization is not assured
 management believes it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be realized and thus we have not recorded any valuation allowance for the years ended June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; or &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In accordance with accounting literature related to uncertainty in income taxes


 first-out basis. Due to the nature of our business
 work in process inventory is not a material component of inventory. When necessary
 we provide allowances to adjust the carrying value of our inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value
 including any costs to sell or dispose. The determination of whether inventory items are slow moving


 at June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we were a party to various claims and litigation matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Such matters did not have a material effect on the current-year results of operations and
 in our opinion
 their ultimate disposition will not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;With our acquisition of Angelic
 we have a contingent liability recorded for the earn-out associated with the transaction. See further discussion in Note 3.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of our employees are represented under various collective bargaining contracts. The labor contract for our Milpitas
 California plant facility
 which produces various sauce and dressing products
 will expire on December 15


 2016
 we acquired substantially all of the assets of Angelic Bakehouse
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Angelic&amp;#8221;). Angelic
 a privately owned manufacturer and marketer of premium sprouted grain bakery products
 is based near Milwaukee
 Wisconsin. The purchase price of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$35.5&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was funded by cash on hand and includes immaterial post-closing adjustments
 which were paid in April 2017 and July 2017
 but excludes contingent consideration relating to an additional earn-out payment which is tied to performance-based conditions. In general
 the terms of the acquisition specify the sellers will receive an earn-out based upon a pre-determined multiple of the defined adjusted EBITDA of Angelic for fiscal 2021. We are unable to provide a range for the amount of this earn-out because it is based on the future adjusted EBITDA of Angelic
 and the earn-out does not contain a minimum or maximum value. See further discussion of the earn-out in Note&amp;#160;3. Angelic is reported in our Retail segment
 and its results of operations have been included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes the consideration related to the acquisition and the final purchase price allocation based on the fair value of the net assets acquired:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:88%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Purchase price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Contingent consideration - fair value of earn-out at date of closing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of total consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;49
359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Purchase Price Allocation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;831&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill (tax deductible)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18
749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net assets acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;49


 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued new accounting guidance to improve the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost by disaggregating the service cost component from the other components of net periodic benefit cost. The amendments require an employer to present service cost in the same line item(s) as compensation costs for the pertinent employees whereas the other components of net periodic benefit cost must be reported separately from service cost and outside of income from operations. The amendments also allow only the service cost component to be eligible for capitalization. The amendments require retrospective application for the income statement presentation provisions and prospective application for the capitalization of the service cost component. However
 as a result of prior years&amp;#8217; restructuring activities
 we no longer have any active employees continuing to accrue service cost. Therefore
 the service cost provisions are not applicable to us
 and we expect only changes in classification on the income statement. We will adopt the new guidance on July 1
 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued new accounting guidance for the recognition of revenue and issued subsequent clarifications of this new guidance in 2016 and 2017. The core principle of the new guidance states that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This model is based on a control approach rather than the current risks and rewards model. We have completed a review of selected customer contracts and evaluated the impact of the new standard on certain common practices currently employed by us and by other manufacturers of consumer products. We have also finalized our assessment of the impact this standard will have on our accounting policies
 processes
 system requirements
 internal controls and disclosures using internal resources and the assistance of a third party. We will adopt the new guidance on July 1
 2018 using a modified retrospective approach
 but we will not record a cumulative-effect adjustment from initially applying the standard as the adoption will not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. There will be additional required disclosures in the notes to the consolidated financial statements upon adoption.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued new accounting guidance to require lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for leases with terms of more than 12 months and issued subsequent clarifications of this new guidance in 2018. This guidance retains the two classifications of a lease as either an operating or finance lease (previously referred to as a capital lease). Both lease classifications require the lessee to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability based upon the present value of the lease payments. Finance leases will reflect the financial arrangement by recognizing interest expense on the lease liability separately from the amortization expense of the right-of-use asset. Operating leases will recognize lease expense (with no separate recognition of interest expense) on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The guidance requires expanded qualitative and quantitative disclosures
 including additional information about the amounts recorded in the consolidated financial statements. The guidance will be effective for us in fiscal 2020 including interim periods. In July 2018
 the FASB issued guidance that allows for an alternate transition method whereby companies can recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption rather than restating comparative periods. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Recently Adopted Accounting Standards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In February 2018
 the FASB issued new accounting guidance to allow a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income/loss to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (&amp;#8220;Tax Act&amp;#8221;). GAAP requires deferred tax assets and liabilities to be adjusted for the effect of a change in tax rates with the effect of the change included in income from continuing operations even when the related income tax effects of items in accumulated other comprehensive income/loss were originally recognized in other comprehensive income rather than in income from continuing operations. We adopted the new guidance on a prospective basis in the quarter ended March 31
 2018 and elected to reclassify these stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Act from accumulated other comprehensive loss to retained earnings in the period of adoption. These tax effects related to the impact of the change in the federal income tax rate on pension and postretirement benefit amounts remaining in accumulated other comprehensive loss
 and the reclassification resulted in a net increase in accumulated other comprehensive loss of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and a corresponding increase in retained earnings. Our accounting policy is to release stranded tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive loss. As this guidance only relates to balance sheet classification
 there was no impact on the Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In March 2016
 the FASB issued new accounting guidance to simplify the accounting for stock-based compensation. The amendments include changes to the accounting for share-based payment transactions
 including: the inclusion of the tax consequences related to stock-based compensation within the computation of income tax expense versus equity; the classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and the classification of share-based activity on the statement of cash flows. The adoption may result in increased volatility to our quarterly and annual income tax expense and resulting net income in future periods dependent upon
 among other variables
 the price of our common stock and the timing and volume of share-based payment award activity such as employee exercises of stock-settled stock appreciation rights and vesting of restricted stock awards. We adopted the new guidance on July 1


080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Workers compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;12
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred compensation and accrued interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4
611&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pension benefit liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
312&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
344&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross tax contingency reserve&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Postretirement benefit liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
561&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
557&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total other noncurrent liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;41
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38


 as a result of prior-years&amp;#8217; restructuring activities
 for all periods presented
 we no longer have any active employees continuing to accrue service cost or otherwise eligible to receive plan benefits. Benefits being paid under the plans are primarily based on negotiated rates and years of service. We contribute to these plans at least the minimum amount required by regulation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At the end of the year
 we discount our plan liabilities using an assumed discount rate. In estimating this rate
 we
 along with our third-party actuaries
 review the timing of future benefit payments
 bond indices

 we consider our related investment guidelines
 our expectations of long-term rates of return by asset category
 our target asset allocation weighting and historical rates of return and volatility for equity and fixed income investments. The investment strategy for plan assets is to control and manage investment risk through diversification among asset classes
 investment managers/funds and investment styles.&amp;#160;The plans&amp;#8217; investment guidelines have been designed to meet the intended objective that plan assets earn at least nominal returns equal to or in excess of the plans&amp;#8217; liability growth rate.&amp;#160;In consideration of the current average age of the plans&amp;#8217; participants
 the investment guidelines are based upon an investment horizon of at least &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The target and actual asset allocations for our plans at June&amp;#160;30 by asset category were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:13%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Target&amp;#160;Percentage&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;of Plan&amp;#160;Assets&amp;#160;at&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;June&amp;#160;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Actual&amp;#160;Percentage&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Plan&amp;#160;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;0%-10%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;30%-70%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;30%-70%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our target asset allocations are maintained through ongoing review and periodic rebalancing of equity and fixed income investments with assistance from an independent outside investment consultant. Also
 the plan assets are diversified among asset classes
 asset managers or funds and investment styles to avoid concentrations of risk. We expect that a modest allocation to cash will exist within the plans because each investment manager is likely to hold limited cash in a portfolio.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We categorize our plan assets within a three-level fair value hierarchy
 as previously defined in Note 3. The following table summarizes the fair values and levels
 within the fair value hierarchy
 for our plan assets at June&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:45%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;June 30
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Asset Category&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;547&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;547&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Money market funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. government obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
344&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
344&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Municipal obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mortgage obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds fixed income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;7
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;7
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;18
881&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;18
881&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;27
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;8
910&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;36
713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;June&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Asset Category&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;472&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;472&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Money market funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. government obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
598&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
598&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Municipal obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mortgage obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds fixed income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
951&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
951&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36
769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The plan assets classified at Level 1 include money market funds and mutual funds. Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets are available for investments in this category.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The plan assets classified at Level 2 include fixed income securities consisting of government securities
 municipal obligations
 corporate obligations and mortgage obligations. For these types of securities
 market prices are observable for identical or similar investment securities but not readily accessible for each of those investments individually at the measurement date. For these assets
 we obtain pricing information from an independent pricing service. The pricing service uses various pricing models for each asset class that are consistent with what other market participants would use. The inputs and assumptions to the model of the pricing service are derived from market observable sources including as applicable: benchmark yields
 reported trades
 broker/dealer quotes
 issuer spreads
 two-sided markets
 benchmark securities
 bids
 offers and reference data including market research publications.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Relevant information with respect to our pension benefits as of June&amp;#160;30 can be summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Change in benefit obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;40
941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44
152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
463&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actuarial gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(3
070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(2
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;36
892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40
941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Change in plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;36
769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Employer contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(2
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;36
713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36
769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Reconciliation of funded status&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net accrued benefit cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets consist of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepaid benefit cost (Other Noncurrent Assets)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued benefit liability (Other Noncurrent Liabilities)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(1
312&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
344&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net amount recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accumulated benefit obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;36
892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40
941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table discloses
 in the aggregate
 those plans with benefit obligations in excess of the fair value of plan assets at the June&amp;#160;30 measurement date:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;6
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38
236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33
892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss at June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;12
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(2
996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6
052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;9
825&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10

463&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(2
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
520&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of unrecognized net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;539&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlement charge&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net periodic benefit income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(414&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have not yet finalized our anticipated funding level for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 but based on initial estimates
 we do not expect our &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; contributions to our pension plans to be material.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit payments estimated for future years are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:87%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
396&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2024 - 2028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12


 Plant and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment are recorded at cost
 except for those acquired as part of a business combination
 which are recorded at fair value at the time of purchase. We use the straight-line method of computing depreciation for financial reporting purposes based on the estimated useful lives of the corresponding assets. Estimated useful lives for buildings and improvements range generally from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years
 machinery and equipment
 excluding technology-related equipment
 range generally from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years and technology-related equipment range generally from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years. For tax purposes


168&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20
430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20


916&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;319
665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;296
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;308
170&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
222
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Gross Profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;75
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;83
941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;67
913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;76
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;303
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Net Income &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;29
386&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;45
920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;27
621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;32
387&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;135
314&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Diluted Net Income Per Common Share &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1) (3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;291
361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;326
773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;293
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;289
874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
201
842&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;80
634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;93
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;71
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;72
486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;318
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Income &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38
956&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
471&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;115
314&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted Net Income Per Common Share &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2) (3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Included in the second quarter net income was the one-time preliminary deferred tax benefit of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$8.9&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 or approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per diluted share
 resulting from the Tax Act. The fiscal year impact was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$9.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 or approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per diluted share.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Included in the third quarter and fiscal year net income was expense of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$11.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 net of taxes
 or approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per diluted share
 related to a multiemployer pension settlement and other benefit-related costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted net income per common share amounts are calculated independently for each of the quarters presented. Accordingly


 specific trade programs and existing customer relationships. We also provide an allowance for doubtful accounts based on the aging of accounts receivable balances
 historical write-off experience and on-going reviews of our trade receivables. Measurement of potential losses requires credit review of existing customer relationships
 consideration of historical loss experience
 including the need to adjust for current conditions
 and judgments about the probable effects of relevant observable data

	

 provided that evidence of an arrangement exists
 pricing is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is probable. Net sales are recorded net of estimated sales discounts
 returns
 trade promotions and certain other sales incentives


135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;8
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
711&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Marketing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;485&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
284&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;35
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35


892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40


 in the aggregate
 those plans with benefit obligations in excess of the fair value of plan assets at the June&amp;#160;30 measurement date:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;6
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38
236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33


 within the fair value hierarchy
 for our plan assets at June&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:45%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;June 30
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Asset Category&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;547&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;547&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Money market funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. government obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
344&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
344&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Municipal obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mortgage obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds fixed income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;7
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;7
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;18
881&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;18
881&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;27
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;8
910&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;36
713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;June&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Asset Category&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;472&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;472&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Money market funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. government obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
598&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
598&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Municipal obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mortgage obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds fixed income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
951&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
951&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36

	

133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued benefit liability (Other Noncurrent Liabilities)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(1
312&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
344&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net amount recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4


936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(11
350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Defined Benefit Pension Plan Items:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net gain arising during the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
987&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of unrecognized net loss &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Postretirement Benefit Plan Items: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net gain (loss) arising during the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of unrecognized net gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of prior service credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total other comprehensive income
 before tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total tax expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
415&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other comprehensive income
 net of tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
414&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017
 Reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive loss to retained earnings &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(1
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive loss at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(8
259&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8

	

769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Employer contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(2
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;36
713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36


941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44
152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
463&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actuarial gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(3
070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(2
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;36
892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40


584&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


455&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
472&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;690&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;659&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;515&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intrinsic value of exercises&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
381&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
788&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Excess tax benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;798&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


766&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51
524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State and local&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;7
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total current provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;48
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57
843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;63
618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred federal
 state and local (benefit) provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(9
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total taxes based on income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;38
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;60
202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;62


611&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4


407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
992&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
314&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
041&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
029&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;12
540&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18
609&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(15
551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(22
188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(8
518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(14
070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(5
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7
092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(29
344&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(43
816&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:84px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(16
804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(25


821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(2
996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6
052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;9
825&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10


314&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;115
314&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;121
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income available to participating securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(271&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(196&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income available to common shareholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;135
043&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;115
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;121
522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;27
403&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Incremental share effect from:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Nonparticipating restricted stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Stock-settled stock appreciation rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;27
459&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27




186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;253
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;240
799&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Refrigerated dressings
 dips and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;226
276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;221
422&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;212
640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shelf-stable dressings and croutons&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;171
772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;166
030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;165
945&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Retail net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;650
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;641
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;619
384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Foodservice&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dressings and sauces&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;430
944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;427
017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;435
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Frozen breads and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;141
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;133
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;135
978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Foodservice net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;572
691&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;560
425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;571
725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:76px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
222
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
201
842&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
191


364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
396&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2024 - 2028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12


321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(5
071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3
130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;45
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;47
191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trademarks (27-year life)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Customer Relationships (10 to 15-year life)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;14
207&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
207&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(8
283&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;5
924&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Technology / Know-how (10-year life)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;6
350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(1
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4
668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
303&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Non-compete Agreements (5-year life)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;791&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;791&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(299&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total net carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;56
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;60


 which expire at various dates through fiscal year &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Certain of these leases contain renewal options
 some provide options to purchase during the lease term and some require contingent rentals. The future minimum rental commitments due under these leases are summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:87%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
839&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
475&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
781&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3


&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Implemented&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;1
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;No&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;91-6145047-001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Green&lt;br clear=none/&gt;12/31/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Green&lt;br clear=none/&gt;12/31/15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;No&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;No&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;12/15/2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Total contributions to multiemployer plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2
507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2



 we also contribute amounts for health and welfare benefits that are defined by each plan. These benefits are not vested. The contributions required by our participation in these plans for each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Multiemployer health and welfare plan contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
167&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3


463&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(2
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2




916&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;319
665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;296
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;308
170&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
222
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Gross Profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;75
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;83
941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;67
913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;76
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;303
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Net Income &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;29
386&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;45
920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;27
621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;32
387&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;135
314&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Diluted Net Income Per Common Share &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1) (3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;291
361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;326
773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;293
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;289
874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
201
842&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;80
634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;93
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;71
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;72
486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;318
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Income &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38
956&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
471&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;115
314&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted Net Income Per Common Share &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2) (3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Included in the second quarter net income was the one-time preliminary deferred tax benefit of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$8.9&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 or approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per diluted share
 resulting from the Tax Act. The fiscal year impact was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$9.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 or approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per diluted share.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Included in the third quarter and fiscal year net income was expense of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$11.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 net of taxes
 or approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per diluted share
 related to a multiemployer pension settlement and other benefit-related costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted net income per common share amounts are calculated independently for each of the quarters presented. Accordingly


487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Contingent consideration - fair value of earn-out at date of closing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of total consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;49
359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Purchase Price Allocation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;831&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill (tax deductible)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18
749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net assets acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;49


 including short-term cancelable leases
 during the years ended June&amp;#160;30 is summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating leases:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Minimum rentals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;6
663&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Contingent rentals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Short-term cancelable leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
257&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
611&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;7
920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
041&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6


 Inc. (&amp;#8220;McLane&amp;#8221;)
 a wholesale distribution subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway
 Inc.
 for each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30 were as follows: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales to Walmart&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;209
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;201
484&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;189
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As a percentage of consolidated net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales to McLane&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;185
226&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;198
153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;232


 certain amounts not allocated among our reportable segments and amounts retained at the corporate level for the years ended June&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Net Sales &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1) (2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Retail&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;650
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;641
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;619
384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foodservice&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;572
691&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;560
425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;571
725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
222
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
201
842&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
191
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Operating Income &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Retail&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;126
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;138
470&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;134
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foodservice&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;58
432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;66
216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;61
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Multiemployer Pension Settlement and Related Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(17
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate Expenses &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(12
716&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12
303&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12
022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;172
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;174
748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;184
570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Identifiable Assets &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1) (4)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Retail &amp;amp; Foodservice &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(5)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;589
509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;577
509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;515
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;214
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;138
896&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;119
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;804
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;716
405&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;634
732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Capital Expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Retail &amp;amp; Foodservice &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(5)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;31
025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26
031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
652&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;974&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;31
025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Depreciation and Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Retail &amp;amp; Foodservice &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(5)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;26
685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
752&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;211&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;26
896&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24

 as well as costs related to certain divested or closed nonfood operations
 including the expense associated with retirement plans applicable to those closed units. By their very nature
 these costs have not been allocated to the Retail and Foodservice segments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Retail and Foodservice identifiable assets include those assets used in our operations and other intangible assets allocated to purchased businesses. Corporate assets consist principally of cash and equivalents. The increase in Corporate identifiable assets from June 30
 2017 to June 30
 2018 was primarily due to the increase in cash and equivalents. The increase in Retail and Foodservice identifiable assets from June 30
 2016 to June 30
 2017 was due to the acquisition of Angelic.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As discussed above
 we do not present identifiable assets


 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:45%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:13%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number&amp;#160;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Remaining&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Contractual&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Life in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Aggregate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;521&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;109.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;93.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;185&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;121.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;115.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;115.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;13
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercisable and vested at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;107.41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;6
986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Vested and expected to vest at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;562&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;116.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;12




858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3

	

 2017
 David A. Ciesinski
 our President and Chief Operating Officer
 succeeded John B. Gerlach
 Jr. as CEO. As President and CEO
 Mr.&amp;#160;Ciesinski became our principal executive officer and CODM. This change resulted in modifications to the CODM&amp;#8217;s approach to managing the business
 assessing performance and allocating resources. Consequently
 beginning on July 1
 2017
 our segment reporting structure was amended to align with these changes
 and our financial results are now presented as &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; reportable segments: Retail and Foodservice. Costs that are directly attributable to either Retail or Foodservice are charged directly to the appropriate segment. Costs that are deemed to be indirect
 excluding corporate expenses and other unusual significant transactions
 are allocated to the two reportable segments using a reasonable methodology that is consistently applied. All historical information was retroactively conformed to the current presentation. These segment changes had no effect on previously reported consolidated net sales
 operating income
 net income or earnings per share. We continue to evaluate our segments based on net sales and operating income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Retail - The vast majority of the products we sell in the Retail segment are sold through sales personnel
 food brokers and distributors in the United States. We have placement of products in grocery produce departments through our refrigerated salad dressings
 vegetable dips and fruit dips. Our flatbread products and sprouted grain bakery products are generally placed in the specialty bakery/deli section of the grocery store. We also have products typically marketed in the shelf-stable section of the grocery store
 which include salad dressing
 slaw dressing and croutons. Within the frozen food section of the grocery store
 we have prominent market positions of frozen yeast rolls and garlic breads.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foodservice - The vast majority of the products we sell in the Foodservice segment are sold through sales personnel
 food brokers and distributors in the United States. Most of the products we sell in the Foodservice segment are custom-formulated and include salad dressings
 sandwich and dipping sauces
 frozen breads and yeast rolls. The majority of our Foodservice sales are products sold under private label to restaurants. We also manufacture and sell various branded Foodservice products.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Within our organization
 our procurement
 manufacturing
 warehousing and distribution activities are substantially integrated across our operations in order to maximize efficiency and productivity
 as many of our products are similar between the two segments. Consequently
 we do not prepare
 and the CODM does not review
 separate balance sheets for the reportable segments. As such
 our external reporting does not include the presentation of identifiable assets
 capital expenditures or depreciation and amortization by reportable segment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table sets forth net sales contributed by each class of similar products in each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Retail&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Frozen breads&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;252
186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;253
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;240
799&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Refrigerated dressings
 dips and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;226
276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;221
422&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;212
640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shelf-stable dressings and croutons&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;171
772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;166
030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;165
945&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Retail net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;650
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;641
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;619
384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Foodservice&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dressings and sauces&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;430
944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;427
017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;435
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Frozen breads and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;141
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;133
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;135
978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Foodservice net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;572
691&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;560
425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;571
725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:76px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
222
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
201
842&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
191
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following sets forth certain additional financial information attributable to our reportable segments
 certain amounts not allocated among our reportable segments and amounts retained at the corporate level for the years ended June&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Net Sales &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1) (2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Retail&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;650
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;641
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;619
384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foodservice&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;572
691&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;560
425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;571
725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
222
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
201
842&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
191
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Operating Income &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Retail&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;126
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;138
470&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;134
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foodservice&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;58
432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;66
216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;61
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Multiemployer Pension Settlement and Related Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(17
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate Expenses &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(12
716&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12
303&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12
022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;172
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;174
748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;184
570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Identifiable Assets &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1) (4)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Retail &amp;amp; Foodservice &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(5)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;589
509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;577
509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;515
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;214
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;138
896&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;119
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;804
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;716
405&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;634
732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Capital Expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Retail &amp;amp; Foodservice &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(5)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;31
025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26
031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
652&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;974&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;31
025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Depreciation and Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Retail &amp;amp; Foodservice &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(5)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;26
685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
752&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;211&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;26
896&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24

 as well as costs related to certain divested or closed nonfood operations
 including the expense associated with retirement plans applicable to those closed units. By their very nature
 these costs have not been allocated to the Retail and Foodservice segments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Retail and Foodservice identifiable assets include those assets used in our operations and other intangible assets allocated to purchased businesses. Corporate assets consist principally of cash and equivalents. The increase in Corporate identifiable assets from June 30
 2017 to June 30
 2018 was primarily due to the increase in cash and equivalents. The increase in Retail and Foodservice identifiable assets from June 30
 2016 to June 30
 2017 was due to the acquisition of Angelic.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As discussed above
 we do not present identifiable assets
 capital expenditures or depreciation and amortization by reportable segment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Retail segment net sales attributable to Walmart Inc. (&amp;#8220;Walmart&amp;#8221;) and Foodservice segment net sales attributable to McLane Company
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;McLane&amp;#8221;)
 a wholesale distribution subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway
 Inc.
 for each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30 were as follows: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales to Walmart&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;209
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;201
484&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;189
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As a percentage of consolidated net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales to McLane&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;185
226&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;198
153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;232




 which requires the measurement and recognition of the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. The cost of the employee services is recognized as compensation expense over the period that an employee provides service in exchange for the award




 collectively referred to as &amp;#8220;we
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;us
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;our
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;registrant
&amp;#8221; or the &amp;#8220;Company.&amp;#8221; Intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation. Our fiscal year begins on July&amp;#160;1 and ends on June&amp;#160;30. Unless otherwise noted
 references to &amp;#8220;year&amp;#8221; pertain to our fiscal year; for example
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; refers to fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which is the period from July&amp;#160;1
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Effective July 1
 2017
 David A. Ciesinski
 our President and Chief Operating Officer
 succeeded John B. Gerlach
 Jr. as Chief Executive Officer (&amp;#8220;CEO&amp;#8221;). As President and CEO
 Mr.&amp;#160;Ciesinski became our principal executive officer and chief operating decision maker (&amp;#8220;CODM&amp;#8221;). This change resulted in modifications to the CODM&amp;#8217;s approach to managing the business
 assessing performance and allocating resources. Consequently
 beginning on July 1
 2017
 our segment reporting structure was amended to align with these changes
 and our financial results are now presented as two reportable segments: Retail and Foodservice. See Note 10 for additional details. All historical information was retroactively conformed to the current presentation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (&amp;#8220;GAAP&amp;#8221;) requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Estimates included in these consolidated financial statements include allowances for customer deductions
 net realizable value of inventories
 useful lives for the calculation of depreciation and amortization
 distribution accruals
 pension and postretirement assumptions and self-insurance accruals. Actual results could differ from these estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Cash and Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We consider all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The carrying amounts of our cash and equivalents approximate fair value due to their short maturities and are considered level 1 investments
 which have quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets. As a result of our cash management system
 checks issued but not presented to the banks for payment may create negative book cash balances. When such negative balances exist
 they are included in Accrued Liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Receivables and Related Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We evaluate the adequacy of our allowances for customer deductions considering several factors including historical experience
 specific trade programs and existing customer relationships. We also provide an allowance for doubtful accounts based on the aging of accounts receivable balances
 historical write-off experience and on-going reviews of our trade receivables. Measurement of potential losses requires credit review of existing customer relationships
 consideration of historical loss experience
 including the need to adjust for current conditions
 and judgments about the probable effects of relevant observable data
 including present economic conditions such as delinquency rates and the economic health of customers. Our allowance for doubtful accounts was immaterial for all periods presented.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Credit Risk&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and equivalents and trade accounts receivable. By policy
 we limit the amount of credit exposure to any one institution or issuer. Our concentration of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivable is mitigated by our credit evaluation process and by having a large and diverse customer base. However
 see Note 10 with respect to our accounts receivable with Walmart Inc. and McLane Company
 Inc.
 a wholesale distribution subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway
 Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value and are costed by various methods that approximate actual cost on a first-in
 first-out basis. Due to the nature of our business
 work in process inventory is not a material component of inventory. When necessary
 we provide allowances to adjust the carrying value of our inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value
 including any costs to sell or dispose. The determination of whether inventory items are slow moving
 obsolete or in excess of needs requires estimates about the future demand for our products. The estimates as to future demand used in the valuation of inventory are subject to the ongoing success of our products and may differ from actual due to factors such as changes in customer and consumer demand. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment are recorded at cost
 except for those acquired as part of a business combination
 which are recorded at fair value at the time of purchase. We use the straight-line method of computing depreciation for financial reporting purposes based on the estimated useful lives of the corresponding assets. Estimated useful lives for buildings and improvements range generally from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years
 machinery and equipment
 excluding technology-related equipment
 range generally from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years and technology-related equipment range generally from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years. For tax purposes
 we generally compute depreciation using accelerated methods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Purchases of property
 plant and equipment included in Accounts Payable and excluded from the property additions and the change in accounts payable in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows at June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Construction in progress in Accounts Payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;622&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table sets forth depreciation expense in each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Depreciation expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;22
168&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20
430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20
114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Long-Lived Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We monitor the recoverability of the carrying value of our long-lived assets by periodically considering whether indicators of impairment are present. If such indicators are present
 we determine if the assets are recoverable by comparing the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows to the assets&amp;#8217; carrying amounts. Our cash flows are based on historical results adjusted to reflect our best estimate of future market and operating conditions. If the carrying amounts are greater
 then the assets are not recoverable. In that instance
 we compare the carrying amounts to the fair value to determine the amount of the impairment to be recorded.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill is not amortized. It is evaluated annually at April&amp;#160;30 by applying impairment testing procedures. Other intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives to Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses. We evaluate the future economic benefit of the recorded goodwill and other intangible assets when events or circumstances indicate potential recoverability concerns. Carrying amounts are adjusted appropriately when determined to have been impaired. See further discussion regarding goodwill and other intangible assets in Note 7.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accrued Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We incur various freight and other related costs associated with shipping products to our customers and warehouses. We provide accruals for unbilled shipments from carriers utilizing historical or projected freight rates and other relevant information. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accruals for Self-Insurance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Self-insurance accruals are made for certain claims associated with employee health care
 workers&amp;#8217; compensation and general liability insurance. These accruals include estimates that are primarily based on historical loss development factors. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Shareholders&amp;#8217; Equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We are authorized to issue &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;3
050
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of preferred stock consisting of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;750
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of Class&amp;#160;A Participating Preferred Stock with &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; par value
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;1
150
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of Class B Voting Preferred Stock without par value and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;1
150
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of Class C Nonvoting Preferred Stock without par value. Our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase authorization of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; common shares in November 2010. At June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
402
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; common shares remained authorized for future purchase.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize revenue upon transfer of title and risk of loss
 provided that evidence of an arrangement exists
 pricing is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is probable. Net sales are recorded net of estimated sales discounts
 returns
 trade promotions and certain other sales incentives
 including coupon redemptions and rebates.  See discussion of new accounting guidance for revenue recognition
 which will be applicable for us beginning on July 1
 2018
 under the caption &amp;#8220;Recently Issued Accounting Standards&amp;#8221; below. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Advertising Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We expense advertising as it is incurred. The following table summarizes advertising expense as a percentage of net sales in each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Advertising expense as a percentage of net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Research and Development Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We expense research and development costs as they are incurred. The estimated amount spent during each of the last three years on research and development activities was less than 1% of net sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Distribution Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Distribution fees billed to customers are included in Net Sales
 while our distribution costs incurred are included in Cost of Sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Stock-Based Employee Compensation Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We account for our stock-based employee compensation plans in accordance with GAAP for stock-based compensation
 which requires the measurement and recognition of the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. The cost of the employee services is recognized as compensation expense over the period that an employee provides service in exchange for the award
 which is typically the vesting period. See further discussion and disclosure in Note&amp;#160;11.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our income tax expense
 deferred tax assets and liabilities and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management&amp;#8217;s best assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid. We are subject to income taxes in numerous domestic jurisdictions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our annual effective tax rate is determined based on our income
 statutory tax rates and the permanent tax impacts of items treated differently for tax purposes than for financial reporting purposes. Tax law requires certain items be included in the tax return at different times than the items are reflected in the financial statements. Some of these differences are permanent
 such as expenses that are not deductible in our tax return
 and some differences are temporary
 reversing over time
 such as depreciation expense. These temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. See further discussion in Note 9.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Realization of certain deferred tax assets is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods. Although realization is not assured
 management believes it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be realized and thus we have not recorded any valuation allowance for the years ended June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; or &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In accordance with accounting literature related to uncertainty in income taxes
 tax benefits and liabilities from uncertain tax positions that are recognized in the financial statements are measured based on the largest attribute that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock and common stock equivalents (restricted stock and stock-settled stock appreciation rights) outstanding during each period. Unvested shares of restricted stock granted to employees are considered participating securities since employees receive nonforfeitable dividends prior to vesting and
 therefore
 are included in the earnings allocation in computing EPS under the two-class method. Basic EPS excludes dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period
 which includes the dilutive potential common shares associated with nonparticipating restricted stock and stock-settled stock appreciation rights.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Basic and diluted net income per common share were calculated as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;135
314&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;115
314&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;121
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income available to participating securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(271&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(196&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income available to common shareholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;135
043&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;115
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;121
522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;27
403&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Incremental share effect from:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Nonparticipating restricted stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Stock-settled stock appreciation rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;27
459&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income per common share - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income per common share - diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Comprehensive Income and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Comprehensive income includes changes in equity that result from transactions and economic events from non-owner sources. Comprehensive income is composed of two subsets &amp;#8211; net income and other comprehensive income (loss). Included in other comprehensive income (loss) are pension and postretirement benefits adjustments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table presents the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss by component:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:100%;padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:72%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive loss at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(8
936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(11
350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Defined Benefit Pension Plan Items:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net gain arising during the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
987&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of unrecognized net loss &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Postretirement Benefit Plan Items: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net gain (loss) arising during the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of unrecognized net gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of prior service credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total other comprehensive income
 before tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total tax expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
415&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other comprehensive income
 net of tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
414&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017
 Reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive loss to retained earnings &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(1
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive loss at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(8
259&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued new accounting guidance to improve the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost by disaggregating the service cost component from the other components of net periodic benefit cost. The amendments require an employer to present service cost in the same line item(s) as compensation costs for the pertinent employees whereas the other components of net periodic benefit cost must be reported separately from service cost and outside of income from operations. The amendments also allow only the service cost component to be eligible for capitalization. The amendments require retrospective application for the income statement presentation provisions and prospective application for the capitalization of the service cost component. However
 as a result of prior years&amp;#8217; restructuring activities
 we no longer have any active employees continuing to accrue service cost. Therefore
 the service cost provisions are not applicable to us
 and we expect only changes in classification on the income statement. We will adopt the new guidance on July 1
 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued new accounting guidance for the recognition of revenue and issued subsequent clarifications of this new guidance in 2016 and 2017. The core principle of the new guidance states that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This model is based on a control approach rather than the current risks and rewards model. We have completed a review of selected customer contracts and evaluated the impact of the new standard on certain common practices currently employed by us and by other manufacturers of consumer products. We have also finalized our assessment of the impact this standard will have on our accounting policies
 processes
 system requirements
 internal controls and disclosures using internal resources and the assistance of a third party. We will adopt the new guidance on July 1
 2018 using a modified retrospective approach
 but we will not record a cumulative-effect adjustment from initially applying the standard as the adoption will not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. There will be additional required disclosures in the notes to the consolidated financial statements upon adoption.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued new accounting guidance to require lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for leases with terms of more than 12 months and issued subsequent clarifications of this new guidance in 2018. This guidance retains the two classifications of a lease as either an operating or finance lease (previously referred to as a capital lease). Both lease classifications require the lessee to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability based upon the present value of the lease payments. Finance leases will reflect the financial arrangement by recognizing interest expense on the lease liability separately from the amortization expense of the right-of-use asset. Operating leases will recognize lease expense (with no separate recognition of interest expense) on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The guidance requires expanded qualitative and quantitative disclosures
 including additional information about the amounts recorded in the consolidated financial statements. The guidance will be effective for us in fiscal 2020 including interim periods. In July 2018
 the FASB issued guidance that allows for an alternate transition method whereby companies can recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption rather than restating comparative periods. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Recently Adopted Accounting Standards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In February 2018
 the FASB issued new accounting guidance to allow a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income/loss to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (&amp;#8220;Tax Act&amp;#8221;). GAAP requires deferred tax assets and liabilities to be adjusted for the effect of a change in tax rates with the effect of the change included in income from continuing operations even when the related income tax effects of items in accumulated other comprehensive income/loss were originally recognized in other comprehensive income rather than in income from continuing operations. We adopted the new guidance on a prospective basis in the quarter ended March 31
 2018 and elected to reclassify these stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Act from accumulated other comprehensive loss to retained earnings in the period of adoption. These tax effects related to the impact of the change in the federal income tax rate on pension and postretirement benefit amounts remaining in accumulated other comprehensive loss
 and the reclassification resulted in a net increase in accumulated other comprehensive loss of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and a corresponding increase in retained earnings. Our accounting policy is to release stranded tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive loss. As this guidance only relates to balance sheet classification
 there was no impact on the Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In March 2016
 the FASB issued new accounting guidance to simplify the accounting for stock-based compensation. The amendments include changes to the accounting for share-based payment transactions
 including: the inclusion of the tax consequences related to stock-based compensation within the computation of income tax expense versus equity; the classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and the classification of share-based activity on the statement of cash flows. The adoption may result in increased volatility to our quarterly and annual income tax expense and resulting net income in future periods dependent upon
 among other variables
 the price of our common stock and the timing and volume of share-based payment award activity such as employee exercises of stock-settled stock appreciation rights and vesting of restricted stock awards. We adopted the new guidance on July 1


050
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of preferred stock consisting of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;750
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of Class&amp;#160;A Participating Preferred Stock with &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; par value
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;1
150
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of Class B Voting Preferred Stock without par value and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;1
150
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of Class C Nonvoting Preferred Stock without par value. Our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase authorization of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2
000


 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax positions related to the current year:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax positions related to prior years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(567&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


 net realizable value of inventories
 useful lives for the calculation of depreciation and amortization
 distribution accruals

































































































































































		
		
		
		

 or approximately $0.32 per diluted share
 resulting from the Tax Act. The fiscal year impact was $9.5 million


 we do not present identifiable assets

		



 net of taxes
 or approximately $0.42 per diluted share




 as well as costs related to certain divested or closed nonfood operations
 including the expense associated with retirement plans applicable to those closed units. By their very nature

		

 2017 to June 30
 2018 was primarily due to the increase in cash and equivalents. The increase in Retail and Foodservice identifiable assets from June 30
 2016 to June 30











































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    
    
    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Plant and Equipment















    




    




    
    
    





 Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings


 Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings



    


    
    


    
    


    

 Distributed and Undistributed Earnings (Loss)



    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    








    
    








    
    










    
    


    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs









    

 Contingent Consideration
 Liability



    


    




    
    
    


    




    
    




    




    




    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Defined Benefit Plan



    




    


    

 Continuing Operations



    




    
    


    
    
    


    
















    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    














    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate



    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    






    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    





 Equity Instruments Other than Options


 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Outstanding






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Outstanding





    
    




    
    




    
    


    


    

 Goods



    
    


    


    





 Quarterly Charges and Credits





    
    


    

 Rent Expense



    

 Rent Expense



    

 Rent Expense


 Rent Expense



    

 Rent Expense



    
    
    


    

 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award



    

 Value
 Restricted Stock Award



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period



    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    

 Shares



    
    





 Defined Benefit Plan
 after Reclassification Adjustment











    

 Common Stock



    

 Shares



    

 Value
 Acquired



    

 Shares
 Share-based Compensation





    
    


    
    


    

 Share-based Compensation



    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    




    




    

 Net



    




    

 Raw Materials



    

 Finished Goods



    




    




    







 Plant and Equipment








 depreciable assets that include building structures held for productive use including any addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 such as interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical



    




    

 Plant and Equipment



    

 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant






 Plant and Equipment



    




    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    




    




    


    




    




    

 Net



    
    


    
    



050


 Value




000
000 shares; outstanding-2018-27
487
989 shares; 2017-27
448


 Value



    
    


    

 Defined Benefit Plan









    


    
    


    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period



    
    


    
    


    




    




    

 Benefit Obligation



    

 Benefit Obligation



    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    




    




    


    
    


    








    
    


    
    




    


    

 Income Taxes



    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    








    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    

 Plant



    




    
    


    

 Future Minimum Payments Due



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    
    


    




    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    




    


    
    




    


    


    
    


    




    
    
    








    
    


    


    




    




    

 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit)



    




    
    


    
    


    

 Noncash Items



    


    

 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Change in Amount of Contingent Consideration



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    


    

 Plant



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 2018-$0; 2017-$0; 2016-$136





    
    


    
    


    




    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    








    
    


    




    
    

 including post-closing adjustments (some of which were not yet paid as of the end of the reporting period)



    

 Consideration Transferred



    




    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Goodwill
 and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets






 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Property
 Plant



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Intangible Assets



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Goodwill
 and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Liability
 Classified



    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    










    


    


    

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Gain (Loss)



    

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

    


    


    




    
    
    


    

 Expected Future Employer Contributions



    


    

 State and Local Income Taxes



    

 Change in Enacted Tax Rate



    

 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity



    

 Deduction
 Other



    

 Deduction
 Employee Stock Ownership Plan Dividend



    

 Other Adjustments



    




    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 after Reclassification Adjustment






 Dividends
 Per Share



    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation



    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    










    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    




    

 Nonvested Awards



    

 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized



    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period



    


    







 Defined Benefit Plan
 after Reclassification Adjustment



    










    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    




    
    


    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliations
 Recurring Basis



    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Liability






 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Liability



    


    
    




    




    
    
    


    




    
    

 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under the SARs



    




    

 Plan with Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets



    

 Plan with Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets



    

 Expected Amortization of Gain (Loss)



    
    






















    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested










 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options







    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested










 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures







    
    


    
    


    

 Non-Option Equity Instruments



    




    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Fair Value Assumptions






 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits






 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals












 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals



    





 Property


 Property





















    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    




    


    


    


    




    


    










    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    












    








    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Plan Assets
 Target Allocation



    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    




    

 Credit Risk



    







 Plant and Equipment



    




    




    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    

 Policy



    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    
    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    

 Period Contributions



    


    




    

 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Non-Option Equity Instruments










 Non-Option Equity Instruments










 Non-Option Equity Instruments













    




    
    

 Stock Settled Stock Appreciation Rights
 Outstanding









    
    




    
    




    
    












    










    

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months





    

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value





    
    


    
    


    


    


    




    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 after Reclassification Adjustment










 Defined Benefit Plan
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)






 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI






 Defined Benefit Plan
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI







    







 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period






 Defined Benefit Plan
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)






 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI






 Defined Benefit Plan
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI



    






    

 Net of Tax















































    


    

 Plan Assets



    

 Plan Assets



    

 Plan Assets



    


    

 Expiration Date Range


 Expiration Date Range



    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    







 Certified Zone Status



    








    




    

 Collective-Bargaining Arrangement



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 lanc-201663_chartx19589a02.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!



M\$D/^D='[(7_ (9/PC_\AT?\.2_^2'_ $CH_9_\
GX1_\ D.OU'HH _+C_


M\



MAT?\.2_^2'_ $CH_9_\


M\$D/^D='[(7_ (9/PC_\AT?\.2_^2'_ $CH_9_\
GX1_\ D.OU'HH _+C_


M\



MAT?\.2_^2'_ $CH_9_\


M\$D/^D='[(7_ (9/PC_\AT?\.2_^2'_ $CH_9_\
GX1_\ D.OU'HH _+C_


M\



MAT?\.2_^2'_ $CH_9_\



MX9VNBW&M1:9'''?2Z5!J.HQV
DJ[X$O[I5;9(%4KZ6_X/AO^2K_\$\?^R??M
M&_\ J4_BB@#^OW_ ((F?\HD?^='_9H/P1_]0^RK]1J_+G_ ((F?\HD?^=
M'_9H/P1_]0^RK]1J BBB@ HHHH **9++'!')--(D442-)++(ZQQQQHI9W=W
M*JB(H+




B^)='TOQ#X<U?3-?T#6[
MTU71=;T6_M-5TC5]+OX$N;#4M,U*QEGLK^PO;:2.XM+RUFEM[B1)89'1E8
M@&I1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '^

M10!_7[_P1

^*'B3PQXL_9 _:


[FW?]]9







O&M '[6C2]4/\ S
=]U/\ RX:+V./^
M@?1_96J?]#'??^ &B_\ ROK='3\6_F:6@#!_LK5/^ACOO_ #1?\ Y7T?V5JG
M_0QWW_@!HO\ \KZWJ* 
'^RM4_Z&.^_\ -%_^5]']E:I_P!#'??^ &B__*^M
MZB@#!_LK5/\ H8[[_P  -%_^5]']E:I_T

M8[[_ 

M']E:I_T
=]_X :+_ /*^MZB@#!_LK5/^ACOO_ #1?_E?1_96J?\ 0QWW_@!H

'^
MRM4_Z&.^_P# #1?_ )7T?V5JG_0QWW_@!HO_ 
KZWJ* 
'^RM4_Z&.^_\ -%

=
M]_X :+_\KZWJ* 
'^RM4_PACOO_   T7_Y7T?V5JG_0QWW_ ( :+_\ *^MZ
MB@#!_LK5/^ACOO\ P T7_P5]']E:I_T
=]_X :+_P#*^MZB@#!_LK5/^ACO
MO_ #1?\ Y7T?V5JG_0QWW_@!HO\ \KZWJ* 
'^RM4_Z&.^_\ -%_^5]']E:I
M_P!#'??^ &B__*^MZB@#!_LK5/\ H8[[_P  -%_^5]']E:I_T


M3_H8[[_P T7_ .5]']E:I_T
=]_X :+_ /*^MZB@#!_LK5/^ACOO_ #1?_E?

M@!HO_P KZWJ* 
'^RM4_Z&.^_P# #1?_ )7T?V5JG_0QWW_@!HO_ 
KZWJ*
M

MT7_Y7T?V5JG_ $
=]_X :+_\KZWJ* 
'^RM4_PACOO_   T7_Y7T?V5JG_0
MQWW_ ( :+_\ *^MZB@#!_LK5/^ACOO\ P T7_P5]']E:I_T
=]_X :+_P#*
M^MZB@#!_LK5/^ACOO_ #1?\ Y7T?V5JG_0QWW_@!HO\ \KZWJ* 
'^RM4_Z&
M.^_\ -%_^5]']E:I_P!#'??^ &B__*^MZB@#!_LK5/\ H8[[_P  -%_^5]']
ME:I_T

 -%_\ E?1_96J?]#'??^ &


M!\-_R5?_ ()X_P#9/OVC?_4I^%%%'_!\-_R5?_@GC_V3[]HW_P!2GX444 ?U

M_P#J'V5?J-0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %?AI_P7+_Y /_!*O_M-O_P3G_\
M4R\:U^Y=?AI_P7+_ .0#_P $J_\ M-O_ 
$Y_P#U
O&M '[E#I^+?S-+2#I^
M+?S-+0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?YWG_!\-


M(DUY-!9+O3_'[PR(L_A5_MC]D'X[:Q^T7\#]-^(7B;1-



M



$^M?\ RNH_X232_6^_\$^M?_*Z







M WJ*P?\ A)-+];[_ 


MP?\ A)-+];[_ 


MA)-+];[_ 





M ()X_P#9/OVC?_4I^%%%'_!\-_R5?_@GC_V3[]HW_P!2GX444 ?U^_\ !$S_






-=N+:WL[236_&/CKQ3XB\3ZL+&SLM/BOM5FM].LK.PAMK6'V2B@ K\

M  2K_PTV_\ P3G_ /4R\:T ?N4/ZG^9I:0=/Q;^9I: BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#_.\_X/AO\ DJ__  3Q_PR??M&_P#J
M4_BBC_@^&_Y*O\ \$\?^R??M&_^I3\*** /Z_?^)G_ B1_P='_9H/P1

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /\ .\_X/AO^2K_\$\?^R??M&_\ J4_BBC_
M (/AO^2K_P#!/'_LGW[1O_J4_BB@#^OW_@B9_RB1_X)T?\ 9H/P1_\ 4/LJ
M_4:ORY_X(F?\HD?^='_ &:#\$?_ %#[*OU&H **** BBB@!&944L[*JJ6
M9B%50!DDDX   )))P 
FO*OAQ\=O@E\8M/\ $FK?3XP_[XH:7X-U6YT+Q?





MM


CQNK'\*;/2_C3X?^)_[%_C3XC?%


MR]2*\T6WLOA#X@\%C3?#UU#;7'AW2I+#0YK2TDT]K6  ^\Z_#3_@N7_R ?\
M@E7_ -IM_P#@G/\ ^IEXUK]N]6M[Z[TO4K33-0_LG4KFPO+?3]4^R0W_ /9M
M[-;2Q6E_]AN62WO?L=PT=S]DG98;GRO)E81NQ'\[?_!9#P1\7= @_P6EYX







M^@]_Y2;+_P.4 =!17/_ -G:W_T'O_*39?\ QRC^SM;_ .@]_P4FR_^.4 =



M* BBB@ HHHH _SO/^#X;_DJ_P#P3Q_[)]^T;_ZE/PHHH_X/AO\ DJ__  3Q
M_PR??M&_P#J4_BB@#^OW_@B9_RB1_X)T?]F@_!'_U#[*OU&K\N?^)G_*)


MZ[I5JWAK0TM9KY]8U]9[N-M%TI+*WGO'U'4Q:V2VL$UP9Q#$[KF?#GXG_#7X

M6=6AN%M[R1H)5

M?_U

O&M '[E#I^+?S-+2#I
M^+?S-+0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !17G7C_P+7P\^%W]E'Q[XGL_#G]MF\&E_
M:X-0G^V'3Q;&\$?V&SN]OD[MBWF^7D2C9NPVWS@_M:_L[@$GXGZ
  6)^PZ



M.C_LT'X(_P#J'V5?J-0 4444 ?E!^U5^Q3XS_:2\?ZO\&=5^(7PC\
_LQ?'7
MXD^ OB[^T]X?@L=0@_:)^./@#X2Z5X0T]?V;?/M_LFE_\*0\6:WX1\-1_$+Q




G@2!+7]G&[_9


@CUXX)!_

M_P# A/\ &ML#Z]3_ !'U/O2X'O\ F?\ &@##_P$G\/?]!BP_P# A/\ &C_A
M)_#W_08L/_ A/\:W,#W_ #/^-&![_F?\: ,/_A)_#W_08L/_  (3_&C_ (2?
MP]_T&+#_ ,$_P :W
#W_
_XT8'O^9_QH P_^$G\/?\ 08L/_ A/\:/^$G\/
M?]!BP_\  A/\:W
#W_
_XT8'O^9_QH P_P#A)_#W_08L/_ A/\:/^$G\/?\
M08L/_ A/\:W
#W_

/_ (2?P]_T&+#_ 

_XT8'O^9_QH P_^$G\/?]!BP_\  A/\:/\ A)_#W_08

#W_
_XT8'O^9_QH P_^$G\/?\ 08L/_ A/\:/^$G\/?]!BP_\
M A/\:W
#W_
_XT8'O^9_QH P_P#A)_#W_08L/_ A/\:/^$G\/?\ 08L/_ A/
M\:W
#W_


M!?XUN8'O^9_QHP/?\S_ (T 8?\ PD_A[_H,6'_@0G^-'_3^'O^@Q8?^!?
MXUN8'O\ F?\ &C ]_P S_C0!A_\ 3^'O^@Q8?\ @0G^-'_3^'O^@Q8?^!

MX2LK)4LPHY#A\?\ V5SR:@JN:RP6'C)_O*T(J4E[]+AG.ITX8BOA%EN%J14Z

6'/3_ $A.




9U .T2VVOZ66

LVC@JF&J)NWM




ZLJ=/^LO#+


3EFVJ-Q/).3WJ? ]_S/^-?ZR8.
ME*AA

M2GX444 ?U^_\$3/^42/_  3H_PS0?@C_PH?95^HU?ES_P1
_Y1(_\ !.C_

)X6MM6^(


[WP/J6C:=/XJ^#O
M[)OQG^
?@'6!K?A#P[XNB?2?&G@'PSJVARW5A#XACTO5]

:

M?X







X
D=A?VR
M2N





0SD*1JNE:@MR /


MZI:V/[(R^U_]:
C6VCP_$E_L_P#5/M:7?7H]3/\ B9\?_AC\(]6T[1?'&LWN



M;6+R]J?9BP

L$P!
4\8?S(


?B1(Q:-+KPMH
L'AWS1P WC#Q)+H/A=XSU:2SU2]*J#B-V 4ZFC?!


MG:/X5_X1CPS8SEL\[]?@3TE ^9W_  I31-6/F^/O$?C+XCR$I(]IXFUV2T\.




MU:/@

SKIU5A



M3).$^+
VC\

X:E-Z1]JN+\3D&.JTKZRK9=@


-@XXFA+-92P
MT\75=%J/]3-%
C+
B
Z&-BJED8JS(2 2I92RL5)VDJ2I()4D8)?7\8M6;7;3









*^QI=#L_LGA!XO*EM]?&+L_%9MQC&GCZ^0<
X%\3\2T.2.+P=#$KY
M1D3JTX5*-7BG/%1Q5')XU*=6C5I9?0PV8\0XNA5CB\!DF+P=/$8FA[^R-RP
M]/
LWQ/]D934YG1KU*7ML;F*A)PJ0R?+W4HSQSC*



M^(M2C0[Q9Q3)%#:Z-HT3\VN@:';6&D6^%86TD^^=^GU/6?_@S24NM9U30O







U#4[.V!:[N=(FL[[4M/U#[&F
MV6ZMHKP7T$+&X:U-O'+-'^4/_!0C3?BCJ'Q*\/?$/QWX(O/!F@ZWX8L_#OAV




7@XO.83S6IEV)P.+Q-+$RS'+J.*P.$P5'!_5XX^
MXJMBW^$8WC[.Z/%D
JH8&+P/U[#X2.$J8:O2QV(I5G33KIUI4ITZDXS]M1C.



M;7?2]0^%FN19;+1E!:?$:&YD0I@._P!D18I
HV0-Y(\=9&[\V&XJHQ7Q5
1P



@CA'S2.$^:



716^Q

MKXZG.
6FTKH\3



YQ.S:PF39?]:S3%R2:


M#^&_C?I/PG^
%YXSG^$7Q@U#3O#ESH_AOXC^-/!.A6GCZYGAL/!^N^*--\':



ME0Q.0XO /%.JYT

MRW-N()X*IPO3]A['$8S)\'%SJ5


M


M]/X
3G69X?*
*/C5XN@0G'VD^'/!]K\._=O.JG

M-_C[Q.JM\5_VH?C7XH7[LFA_#NX\/? KPN\+'




KR?#SESSH97
M@


MS6][=




MI^%%% ']?O\ P1
_Y1(_\$Z/^S0?@C_ZA]E7ZC5^7/\ P1
_Y1(_\$Z/^S0?
M@C_ZA]E7ZC4 %%%% 'XF_MV_L8^



_W&_]!-?D9^SS9?N^^%G_!3'PSK/
MQ3TSX)^!=8_;7_:(T#Q1\1O7BSP+X

?AW\)/ WQDTW5/V*]?UOX!?$3XF

MR6=TFF7NHV
VIZ?::@\$BV5U?:;;:AI-QJ%G;W)BENK&#5=
FNX$DMXM0LI)


M!31O_!%??_-'1Y'B'_H*:-_X(K[_ .:.MFB@#&\CQ#_T%-&_\$5]_P#-'1Y'

M ((K[_YHZV:* 
;R/$/_ $%-&_\ !%??_-'1Y'B'_H*:-_X(K[_YHZV:* 
;


MAYM_'JGD7*VDB7
(MIORW$^



9GC

ME.

MEX(T9)=K[-3TW3;#P]H/B+400AG\KP_IV@PR Q6NG7*117C_ %'H?AW0/#5D

M




M;W2-!U3Q?XM6TA8A;#03IWA72=/3=%:Z?9 


?0?T%&


US'-






GB;3I](\11


M'P;I'@/PG97
BRW%IX;\#1:);W$J;@LL\6FZS;+-(H=PKRAV5695(!(JK\8/




KPE.-USU(:M7_KQ@
ML6^7A_)^(N)V[.-7*LKEA






(&9?#3X8X6HM74JLL?
MQ9F%2$U'W9T:3X9P&6XJFG+WH8K/\-[1)6JT]9?)$7Q'_:[\<M'_ ,('\!O



ZL[-R^;/ _[+/PE^'FHG7?#G@7P')XH9
M_


^LDSE8#A3-*V C1C&,L%@ZF

S\

\ P:=/@CA&FUJI4^'
GA)7T
M=I1P::NM'9ZIM/=GVJRS+5ME^!7IA*_*F?/[? :!3_HOQ ^)M@A W16GQ1^
M*[1,P_Y:'^T/'^H2AR,*=DJ(55?W88,S-_X47J*$BW^,/Q=MHR01OCC7+Q5
M.
$K-J]YJ5X0Q&XH]T\:G/EHBDK7T%15/@+@[_EWP[EF'ML\'AXX)I6MRIX3

M

3M
]Q*RJ0BL$55$@^$WQ0C'EP_M(_$
M%(5R(EF\)_#&ZE5

XPR6B6

5



1BJ7L80I


0(67=XHNX]*\(1Q%L*\XUZ58\DLI(*UYSXI^.G[1=QLTWA?X*?LVZ'=



ZB5.-;

+AL.I3@Y
MU84WSJYQQ
:2K1P6*]C.
9TL5B51RK+Z\'RMO#YOG-;+LGK2A&2E*G3Q\JMD
MU&#EH8'Q)_;KO/!?BSQKX

MOHBSI#*5\Q[6*_\ 


^*\M

MJ$3]SM=^*OPP\+[SXE^(W@3P\(C.)#KGC#PYI C-J ;H2?VAJ5OL-L&4SAL&
M$$&0+D9\RU+]KO\ 9=THLEQ^T#\(9Y5;8UOI?CWP]K=R&
?FC-MHM]J-QMV8
MRXCVAWCB)\V1$;YW\/\ [&WBS2[J&31KGX$?#:V@:)XX]!^!OP\\=ZLGV=C)

%+B!1M=*JK\R
M:X8XUQ4

D:YC\:_#F1D4;8G^'/B**-RH&(R\?Q*D:)&QM+I$[(#E4


MAS@\T\/Z.&HT^:5\@X?Q5'$U(MIIUIX[QEXSP\^1/6%'+Z%2IIR4VW9N'A]G


EEH_P .[&29Y
2(Z7BQPI^Z83L3
NCJ

ETQE:
M#*.0^8OK ?XY1D
;?X4W2@X:$7GC*P+ @C(N?L.I!IPVTVC[PNZ/.\2K
M??&J(EI/#'PQO$(*F.'QOXJLG4D9#^9/X#NT91@J4*QW!@X (/OT/%6I1PR
MPU7A;,Z44N64\1X98/,ZLH7C9RK8;(\RG):N#C&3JRC'][2DI2Z?^(64:L6


JSPQ2;24%?P1_Q41Q
J7_$G64?1O\'J
M/#

%AN



M[F?PZ='N[M1'&%@M;VZNK*Q!D&GVUIYLN_ZP7H/H/Y?Y^@XI:_T R=Y_A\WH

MO/@WA:H[))U



MEU+0M71)H[
OT)]OK2T45_+)_5
M@4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 ?YWG_!\-_R5?\ X)X_]D^_:-_]2GX444?\'PW_ 5?_@GC_P!D
M^_:-_P#4I^%%% ']?O\ P1
_Y1(_\$Z/^S0?@C_ZA]E7ZC5^7/\ P1
_Y1(_



%I_P#@GCJU

MZ'AT_%OYFEK%'B/P]_T'=&ZM_P Q2Q]3_P!-Z7_A(_#W_0=T;_P:6/\ \?H

@

:


MS3

3ET
?6P.6X[#TJF&H8FLYK!Y/F68YMBO:_5G3HT
%E^(Q-2I.$51U=OZ


;8*%;72XX?#J3J
B1))I%#$A6(4
W'W



\G&IV/)]3^_I

PS2G@






MU^
/_9/OVC?_4I^%%% ']?O_!$S

%]?OQ;7&B6/B2QEOM%$&CAA?O^D=% 'YJ3?L$:A-\74_:L?QEX9;
M]J.'X]6GQLMM7?PUJ\OPXM='MOV9KO\ 94E^$MOI$FOMXFB\,W7@+4=0\6R^
M(8M8CUD_$RX36C8MX=A'AAOJ[]F7X:7^S7\'M$^%6F^(+_Q;<V_B'XB^.O%

MCI(OK[[$;N?WVB@ Z]:_#/\ X+E*HT'_ ()5X4#_ (W;_P#!.CH #_R.7C3N
M![5^YE?AI_P7+_Y /_!*O_M-O_P3G_\ 4R\:T ?N4.GXM_
TM(.GXM_
TM !


A)5@#7T_\ L@_ 'XG?;QKXJUGQUHEAINGZGX6

5\\R+

/PUA


MIU*N:UJ2FY4(J3E0G%Q;2BG9HHHHK^Q3\
BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@#_.\_X/AO^2K_ /!/'_LGW[1O_J4_BBC_@^&_P2K_\ !/'_ +)]^T;_
M .I3\*** /Z_?^)G_*)'_@G1_V:#\$?_4/LJ_4:ORY_X(F?\HD?^='_9H/
MP1_]0^RK]1J BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ K\-/\ @N7_ 
@'_@E7_P!IM_\
M@G/_ .IEXUK]RZ_#3_@N7_R ?^5?_:;?_@G/_ZF7C6@#]RAT_%OYFEI!T_%
MOYFEH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /\[S_ (/A
MO^2K_P#!/'_LGW[1O_J4_BBC_@^&_Y*O_P3Q_[)]^T;_PI3\*** /Z_?\
M@B9_RB1_X)T?]F@_!'_U#[*OU&K\N?\ @B9_RB1_X)T?]F@_!'_U#[*OU&H
M**** BBB@ IKNJ*SNRHB@LS
0JJJ@DDLQ   !))(  ))Q3J\5_:)\/:)XO^

MAH&D_I'_ 








_F








M^&_Y*O\ \$\?^R??M&_^I3\***/^#X;_ )*O_P $\?\ LGW[1O\ ZE/PHHH




M'!''##&D442+'%%&JI''&BA41$0!41% 5$4!54!5   I]% !7X:?\%R_^0#_
M 
$J_P#M-O\ \$Y__4R\:U^Y=?AI_P %R_\ D _\$J_^TV__  3G_P#4R\:T
M ?N4.GXM_
TM(.GXM_
TM !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%

M_7[_ 
$3/^42/_!.C_LT'X(_^H?95^HU?ES_ 
$3/^42/_!.C_LT'X(_^H?9

=$T2U\5?%7]HOQ[KW@/X

M7\-Z);VUO%JESJFF[?[.7QTT/]HWX2Z'\4]#T?4_#AN];\=^#/$GAC67MYM3

M_A7XL^$?C_PGJ.L:18:OJ?AV:YTGQ+IWB;1]=M-%UL0:YX2T_3[W2;C3=4O9
MK;H?V3_@))^S;\$]&^&5[XC'B[Q!-XM^*WQ
\:^)8[)M-M-8^(7QO^*_C;XT




M]_\ !''_ *2_L^_^#KQ#_\ ,U1_P_[_ ../_207]GW_P '7B'_ .9JOUB_


$NE_\ R)1_PB/A;_H7-!_\$NE__(E 'Y._\/\ O_@CC_TD%_9]





MH_X1'PM_T+F@_P#@ETO_ .1* /R=_P'_?\ P1Q_Z2_L^_^#KQ#_P#
U1_P
M_P_^./_207]GW_ 
'7B'_YFJ_6+_A$?W_ $+F@_\ @ETO_P1*/\ A$?
MW_0N:#_X)=+_ /D2@#\G?^'_ '_P1Q_Z2_L^_\ @Z\0_P#S-4?\/^_^./_
M $D%_9]_\'7B'_YFJ_6+_A$?W_0N:#_ .72_\ Y$H_X1'PM_T+F@_^72_
M_D2@#\G?^'_?_!''_I(+^S[_ .#KQ#_\S5'_  _[_P./\ TD%_9]_\'7B'

TFU6[N


/^_P#@CC_T


M3G%?
Z??-%*N&N;2[N8)FRZ3/N+$ ^.?\ A_W_ ,$<?^D@O[/O_@Z\
M0_\ S-4?\/\ O_@CC_TD%_9]_P#!UXA_^9JOUB_X1'PM_P!YH/_ ()=+_\




$NE_\ R)0!^3O_







M;4_!UUXN\%W5W=Z1!XGT:STO4-4T622\L[&9;VRLM;TJYF3R-@BO[=E=MQ ^

M2GX444 ?U^_\$3/^42/_  3H_PS0?@C_PH?95^HU?ES_P1
_Y1(_\ !.C_
M +-!^/_ *A]E7ZC4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%?_[17[


M3P%=?LV^]6C^_AGXS^+8/VA/%WB3PQ\/)CJW@#3?%D7P]T?Q+IU[I T/4?
M%.N:C'X8TCQEXAU&YL/#C26VHWGAGQ

?VI?VOO#/[//BCX7_  W(L'\;_%+3




MK4-WX?\ #5^+&:Y^TQ78\H_9[_:;UWXJ?LB?!#]H#Q1X1TRU^('Q


M):E\/?#NE3G5=7\/-'KFI&WD?Q7JO@_PMLO-1O;FPN-0U%+R!+^REM(?$?#O
M[4_Q1U7]D+XG?'-_A;-XD^*/@OXF?M%?W2O ?PB\/\ C#XHIJ.I?7]I#X@




M$0![917QSX-_:.O_ !C\*O&NKVFN?#+4/C#X=\7:9\+M;^''A2_U75X_A5\6

M-!XWA_LUH=$@TSQ!X&2&(^'EU9I-%O6NW9M0_P!!A /K*BOA+]F3QU^U_JOQ







1-K.B#0/'G@Z?







M&E_4-% 'S#^S;^S/H7[



?&WQD_9]N+LW=J^G7FI-;?#;
MXJZ?K44FH:81:75AJ/B?6K*(&X-F($NIT;[WHH ^7_V+_P!F;2_V.OV7?@I^




MWXCW=W9:#9%[?P_X?T#P[HZ7FH263WLV1\)_@1\9_@_\%_$?@'PK\3OAB?'&
MK_'/XR_%RT\4:U\*/%.L^$HM&^-?QS\:?&G7O!]_X/M_BUH6M3WNDIXYU+PG
MI/BBS\:V:D:=IWB&Z\/RRR7FCR?8E% 'D/P:^$.D?!_0?$-C97



\06-KJ^D:I

/&3Z_:Z[K_Q \;_ !:^


/.N;?1]*UYI+W0=0T6
M'3SYTWZ(T4 ?-/P5_9\/PW^(_P ;OC9XHUW3/$?Q8^/]U\./^$YU#PWH-YX4

M&A):S:MX4\8^!_%N@?$'P#XKLK2_233]2E\






MH_ 30O@FO@C_ (1O41KD

M:QWJZS)+
]JGT[10!\%_L^?L06/P3^(W@7XE:EXSLO%OBGX:_!3Q-^S_ *1X

_Y1(_
M\$Z/^S0?@C_ZA]E7ZC5^7/\ P1
_Y1(_\$Z/^S0?@C_ZA]E7ZC4 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4


CQ3:C812QMM




83]'+893.K46;X
MG

-05-.E/+L%AL=5E5YXWC4IXG




'5ISE&#Q#BZ2A*-*ZES


M%*B\VP5;@K


M17$:302QS12#*2Q.DD;@$C*NA9&&01E21D$=17RC\5?VG+KX:?M2?LR?LU1_


MH[.
MQLXFEDF:.WMH56.)&EEDD*H [LW5C7Y\_M1?'XZ^(?VSOV+OV@_AC\/_#_








O







M^/6L:]HGP-^''PS^%-M^R9^SG\(/ EEX=\:7'CO4O!OB3X6_$S]I3QSKOA&S




?

MQK\.K[PY;:YIG]N:-XC\'^)/!3ZAI.F^+K3QM=P^&N0_:3_9J^-/Q&^
7CSQ

5G9_#/Q;K7BSQ+XCL?&UM+J^DW%




MXW





AX7\)^-_ACXO^&&KZOI.E:O/X1M/%'PJ

MC3? 7A+3_ DWC

M%]J'A^/PU/IS3Q:;K=]=6&HQ6G5W?QK^#MAX:L/&E]\5_AK9^#M5.LC2_%EU


M\$36]OXTO(?&?AJ6T\(W-W/);6UOXHN4U

MZK^ /P


FIW^I:C8:'!Z%X

MQE\)-;\._$2ZU2;PQ=S:'\.? /\ PK3Q+K?P_LO%WA[4?&FCW7QA\9V


_P@OKCPW:67Q4^'%Y=^
K[4]+\(6MKXZ\+7%SXJU+1=5U

M%5?#=]\&_B5\)/B'HFH?%+QE\+==O[/XDZ;!=6^N^ 8/&MEXKTCPEI^GV.M-



@UR^T\^'K'4@#]-?^%K?##SO%]L/B-X

M:GX.B^


M-/#VF:!K1NK^;5['1KB.:VTBULM+M[@ ^_J*** 


M4?$3]EO]G/XM^(F\7?$[X)?#/QYXG:QM-
;7O%7A'2-9U5M/L#

*






M!







M]+_^2ZUK'4=/U2$W&FWUGJ%NLC1-/8W4%W)5LT9EMY)$$BJZ
R%MP#*2 &
M&?EC_A@[]C#_ *-?^!__ (;OP[_\AU[G\-OA1\-?@[H$_A7X5^!?_P^\-W6
MJ7.MW&A^$='L]#TR;5[RWM+6ZU*6SL8XH7O;BVL+*6X93(\5K C$K$H'\E9


MH?9IS/







M[7?@GX4U&X^6/JC]--6_;)\-Z9^SC\9_C?%HFD:IXL^!_P .OBO\2_%/PDTS



=+OO =5_8@^*WC?XP^#_C!!J.@_#&\B^)7[3/P[^-^BSZA#XG_ .%T

^





MT76_'%EH]E^S?\0/@3X9^(_@+XHS_?2+#9I]GXJ;X=265QX7N/B'8?L_PI


-K'+)K\UG=1:0MX]M
J=#XT\
M7Z1X$\
CZ+I

\T\G
MV*2T /G/P[_P49\%^
OAA\#_ !SX0^&/CC7_ !3\7_V2KO\ ;9U+X86NH^&A





?JS%CCVR3CVI
MU !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '^=Y_P?#?\

M1

M** BBB@!NU3U5?R'^%*%4= !] !_*EHHN^_]?TE]P67;^OZ2BBB@ HHHH

ZE885*LY!$
M48QB-
6J** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH _SO/\ @^&_Y*O_ 
$\?^R??M&_^I3\***/^#X;_DJ__!/'_LGW
M[1O_ *E/PHHH _K]_P)G_*)'_@G1_V:#\$?_4/LJ_4:ORY_P)G_*)'_@








DL+-Y
\%U:W=O+):W



M-!_Z+_\ M
_^'7/_ 
H*_H3PI\0O%WB?PZX0S_B7PQY

ME^L3E*4*.._LG&4I8G+_ .T
-&ECOJM1_NO;\L(QIJ
5]/DF:9YC
IP&*QF4

^$/#^L
M:=IL?A2/Q7X:FU1=7NK4PZW9/9)=DS+#[3X3\/?\(IX=TOP]_;GB+Q)_9<#

M*
_\$]_B7%\/_BCXE^'_ 




9Y


N
MN_MI?M




Z]=

M0_&_X ^+?CA\/_&WQ.^/'[1W[)7@OP[\&V^ ?Q;^-GPK\97G[2FA^*O$_BOQ

/'=_


M=/GTO7=*O++6M.AN]&O4N7BM;^6XM+R&W_/[_@J'X&\:?$#2_P!BC3/!.A?%


M^T)HWB?QQX$N_&=_\4=

(-4\#7D !^I.X<<\$9R.1CU)' 'N3@UY;\1_C

M>'K&;0O!.OR1ZKK$MK827T%KI






MA9\7_P!@KX9:/\
_$&N^#;R&7Q;??VS^-'AUO#.B^(_%&C)9_GQ18:;IE]


(O$/[<G@[XZ_#KP1^WQHGA'PG\*/ACXJT3X1_%;P)XZTGQTO[
M*6H^ /C'X=GUQ\8ZUX?TJ\^%U[\
]*^']]H7QR^'GQ2L/&&D^*[&W\
7'BK

GP-^-F

MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /\[S_@^&_Y*O\ \$\?^R??M&_^I3\*
M**/^#X;_ )*O_P $\?\ LGW[1O\ ZE/PHHH _K]_X(F?\HD?^='_9H/P1_]

#KCD=#Z9Z
MT44 )M&    .@ QCZ8Z?A2X'H.N?Q]?K110 4F!TP




M;?\ @F5\(?\ @F9^PI\
?B;^W;^R]X&^(7@3]E[X0^%_&?@WQ/\ %OPUI'B+




MLA?^'L\(_P#R91_P^T_X)(?])%_V0O\ P]GA'_Y

M *2+_LA?^'L\(_\ R91_P^T_X)(?])%_V0O_  ]GA'_Y





M)(?])%_V0O\ P]GA'_Y

MP^T_X)(?])%_V0O_  ]GA'_Y





MA'_Y




MLA?^'L\(_P#R91_P^T_X)(?])%_V0O\ P]GA'_Y

M *2+_LA?^'L\(_\ R91_P^T_X)(?])%_V0O_  ]GA'_Y





M)(?])%_V0O\ P]GA'_Y
H _D#_X/AO\ DJ__  3Q_PR??M&_P#J4_BBOFG

BA^&=UHMOK4NF221V
NJP:=J

XQ
M-C,X-0 R,#$X.C W.C S(# Y.C R.C,V   !ZAP !P   P   BJ     !SJ


M   !    !1R6%E:   &    !1G6%E:   +    !1B6%E:   0    !1D
M;6YD   5    '!D;61D   Q    (AV=65D   #3    (9V:65W   #U
M 1L=6UI   #^    !1M96%S   $#    1T96-H   $
     QR5%)#   $


M+3(N
0
M            6%E:(        /-1  $    !%LQ865H@

         %DE%0R!H='1P.B\O=W=W
M+FEE8RYC:               %DE%0R!H='1P.B\O=W=W+FEE8RYC:
M                                                      !D97-C

M92 M('-21T(              Y)14,@-C$Y-C8M,BXQ($1E9F%U;'0@4D=


M.38V+3(N
0              +%)E9F5R96YC92!6:65W:6YG($-O;F1I=&EO
M;B!I;B!)14
V
3DV-BTR+C$                                  '9I



M


  PL#%@
A RT#. -# T\#6@-F

4)^PH1B<*/0I4FH*@0J8JX*Q0K<O
+
MPLBSD+40MIX +F NP\@+X0OY#!(
*@Q##%P

P S9#/
-#0TF


M$D429!*$$J
2PQ+C$P
3(Q-#$V


;HQ\C(J
F
RFS+4
PTS1C-_
[@S\30K-&4TGC38-1
U


M1B)&9T:K1O!'-4=[1\!(!4A+2)%(UTD=26-)J4GP2C=*?4K$2PQ+4TN:2^)

5)\
M4L=3$U-?4ZI3]E15(]4VU4H5755PE8/5EQ6J5;W5T17DE?@6]8?5C+61I9



=2AUA77A=CYVFW;X=U9W

MSHDSB9F)_HIDBLJ+
(N6B_R
8XS*C3&-F(W_CF:.SH\VCYZ0!I!ND-:1/Y&H
IJ:H<JH^K JMUJ^FL7*S0K42MN*XMKJ&O
M%J^+L P=;#JL6QUK)+LL*S.+.NM6TG+43M8JV ;9YMOW:+?@N%FXT;E*




M&?.G]#3TPO50]=[V;?;[]XKX&?BH^3CYQ_I7^N?[=_P'_)C]*?VZ_DO^W/]M

2XP+P \/WAP86-K970@


M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
MB @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
MB @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
MB @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( \/WAP86-K970@96YD/2=W)S\^_]L
M0P # @(# @(# P
#! 

MQ 6$!$3%!45%0P/%Q@6%!@2%!44_]L 0P$#! 0%! 4)!04)% T+#104%!04
M%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04
M_\  $0@)]@SD P$B  (1 0,1 ?_$ !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @,$
M!08' D*__$ +40  (! P,! 



1! 4A
08205$'87$3(C*!!1D:&Q
MP0DC


MJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q
7&Q\C)RM+3U-76U]C9VN+CY.7FY^CIZO+S]/7V]_CY
M^O_:  P# 0 $0,1 #\ _5.BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B




71_P ()I_]T?G)_P#%UT/[




M3F[?K)_\73?^%;Z=_DR?_%UTS6=OW%)]CM_2@#F)/AGI3XWC/IS)_P#%TS_A






G_ 







MSU_+_PSIW_$VOO^1_^+KJ:* .4;P/:MCK^7_V=-_X06V]_R_\ LZZVB@#E






^W^?[]._X5O_ )_R

/\


+[?QI?]J@#C9_!'VJ&$?W


MGE[

N:/
N:Z2BCD
M YOS+FCS+FNDHHY .;\RYH\RYKI**.0#F_
N:/
N:Z2BCD YOS+FCS+FNDHH
MY .;\RYH\RYKI**.0#F_
N:/

MGMC]:T***H HHHH ?1116H!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%

M 5:=3**T6P#Z*913 5J2BBLWN 4444@%6G4RBM%L ^BF44P'T4RB@!]%
HH
M?13** 'T4RB@!]%
HH ?13** 'T4RB@!]%
HH ?13** 'T4RB@!]%
HH ?13
M** 'T4RB@!]%
HH ?13** 'T4RB@!]%
HH ?13** 'T4RB@!]%
HH ?13**

M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%)0 M%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444E T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1249
MH 6BDHH 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***3- T444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%)0 M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1129H 6BDI: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BDHS0 M%%% !1110 444F: %HI*6@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HI*6@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HI*6@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **2EH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
^]PY1T:[<T^FK3J?M.;4-@V[J-E&[;1YE:+5YK!]VD^]2[LT5+Y9:
M
=Q 


-@HHHW;:IQC%7 **-VZB


M:U:*.@7N
F4MBF+'[U

-)MW8JDE'1&R5E8DS2K

N
M[%.HJ(KV:-EL-5=N:=36H6G[48ZD-#4+5J7
C-[@M(U.HS56L4I60U:=MS2;
MJ-U3)1EHQ\PNW;2K0M.HC%15D.]PHIK4E4 2=J;3J*Y90YIMC%6AJ%IU=$5R






MC3JRC4YG8!5IU-6G5N 4444 %%%% !1110 UJ&IU-:IDN96 CJ1:2E6L84^5
MW&-;I2T/10_C$%&W=1C-&



MY$L?13$;=FGTXR4E=BBBJ **:U)0 ^BF45






IXE4-]Y'K\V_AOJ/PB\&? C0-#U;PO]HU#6!.EY/\ ;;Q?
M

M6R-UV_CVY

MN7\#^(#XFTI;Y;4VT#\19F




MG:?JEE):B\23RX)P

=WS=NI]

UF\^6VD\\H



NQ5V
]O!+_RU 3E
MWY5ZM\*_CQXM\

MJ5F];=3JP\N:DF?3-C
'
M?'S]HZ7X8S'0_#=E_P )'XLD==]OY_V7;@1

=*T_B1\=-2TWQ?

O\ 3?']

MOQ3_ +0TCQ3H']@Z_;B+SK877VCSMS2LOS(BKPL:]




'\Z^


US5O



-4]I24CU.-+E






M1[2UCM8_

57U&\71+.:Z;[J[


MK-XX.A#P

MGW7VN*'[
7FC
?$D0+98?PYQMYZBIO#_ 
3-*N/V2HX(;_S==VDL/);C_3_D
M&\IMZ8Z5[BRFI*
;K=]#QZ^
46TCZ[\-W5KK427T%SY\Y\M=FW9\Q5A@_-]
MY3U]*U(6%U=,7& GW:^?@7^TMK_ (/\ Z?!XBT/^S+16E$%U]JCF^U?/(I.

M;D$C27DJMT7&*;_S$


8-LUL
MZIC;B(RG]UY/&=OKVKS']I;]H?7O'G@L:=X6T?\ M!9%_P!



MNAZ5\3_ []JS7=+\(^&+#Q-HO]ER7!NQ%/\ :XYOM 660]$B(7[.XSN]J^T
MM-OX]4L([J/H^[]&(_I7CXSSH:

M1/&&C_#72YM:O5W2.1L7YAGYE3J%./\ 6#M7C_PO_;(\._$G6'TJY@%F\VUH





\


MA_'CPW\
]4TFPOSB2^

M#KB3/WF(^^B_W#TS7RQ^SGXA\-?''XN^/#KEK]I6Q%@U@?
D7:'MY3)]T#_G

MJY


Z-.72'((V2







;


M_+'T/K7L&DZE:WUI]JL9/-MV)&?F[$CO]*^
/A/X \'ZY^S7I_C^2V_?7#2$


'=7&S*LB['^



WIN(7^M?'?[8'Q^\+:MJWASP
EZ)7U+




MV.74;L[#TZ8]ZZF..^6\):421=N.E?$GQB\2?#_]DWXF:(NFV/\ 9
5]Y_VM
7
OK_ 'D7_GG[
M]*TJX91BI1V(YSU*

#LSW]:X?QK\3?#WPQM89_$^JBWNG_U0\N1MWS*I^XI
M_OKU]:V?''BKP_X/:RU+7;C[*8Q)Y
OER-C(4


2/O _ASGTL)A(U%*M/9'-.=I6




[)HC)R%*CY3_$1UXZ


M
VG^[44EXL





M=0O









M9KDL/+V[/(3 [OG/F^W3OV^R]'NFU#3X+ANK#/\ G@5O5H\D4P-2E6FJVZG+



BNFV
MPL:K27T=G:J\A^E6+AAE5/WCQ^&0#_.OD+XKZGK_ 
7OBM+X7\/S^5;6Y!SY



M/IU9OP[^]UA5H^PFZ?8!5IU-4TZL@(+EDCVR-U7.*JSWR1M&DO2?.W\
?XTZ
M_OHX+RUM6.'GW%/^ X/H?6OBCPL?'?[0?BKQ'MNOLVGZ2;80KY%O)N$D9!Y^


!5NW1IH8&ZR;L?AC_&JMS]L/F16KA6


Y_P!2''W7CZL/
MYU8'V+9223-*Y_U)QY?ZY_I5NJEIYHGGWX\HD&/'IT_H*M9I (RYP?2FLOF#
M'I3;E]L+&F6[;;4M[4 5IH+B.Z@6+'D/GS3^6/ZU). S^48PUOCYCZ5\S_M#

MK
MLWO_ 'MRY_QK1KFOS:@1S?-B/^_FH8K?[/E1WI;I=UQ;GTW?TH\]6F?/51@?

4
M7A\P_;N+8@_:(PT/








M\8;@$G;U4#ICI756H^PCS =!JJ%Z5+5.Q\U6D1_NKC;^M7*Y83]I'F J:A

M?'W@KX




]&'-93?9-)M6\E0S?Q#S-N

M&DZ4MT0]RS!'Y

M
+0WC&&&VW6^2)3\N/;K^/2I]6FC\RVM9!E;@L/XNRENWTKY[^-/QD\4V'BZ

55MYECN$CLK7$ SYO]/ZU;O9)5E@C2$O'(2'D#


T86I\S^

K;3$&&6 Z$UM2P$L4W;H!]::6KQ3W


M/EU 5:=35/6EK.
N97 @O$E9!Y4OEL/UK/L[RV^T
IF\RY_B.W./3Z5E_$CQ

M([3^^&L6HPP5EZ&$2?ZU6ZX_&J ^O[/S?.FWW'G+QM79MV]?S_\ K5;KG?!5


MD_=[+ANG/8=:TJXX-M:@%1[MK5)45TVV(GTJP&W/E':9/PJ#;;7'_ *\/^/7
M[0!^#RZ4%A\TZ@9A]_;CR]G^PW]_VK0^WQNN_B1!*S6?[
?O\ ^]N_V%]/





_


M^&UU/3SRVXC_ +^.OH/[E



M[T_=BN;FC;F8$5PK-C&=O.[I_6L:35=
L9&2[9&X9?FY_/^E;%SMY;O$_1




PD^M/J0BBB@ HHHH


OWF%J/NG;
M]UE_Y9FOUK+\35C1C#!S5]$MM_F?+8NGR-EOXS_L%:?\


MW9*_38\FG4]Y'VQ^P[XYM[;P3-\-;_2_[!USPP%$T?VK[1O-Q+/
O(4+PI'1





MPD\/
M3A&/+9)V_FYOZ9XF*Q



M'Q$L?BIX0CUW2+K;+

8'F'RL=2
M%_K7P]^Q9XVT[X



M:?M


N- ^)F/%_@[[/
M\1




2
:;X@\
_VC
MXENS&DUW]N[O+W'[B!T7Y)AW'XXX[O]G[XA^//WQBUCQEX_P!-_LW3?$'D
M;1Y\
._B!^T%OT&#XD:3]BTX?:=S?:]/?<2$8<0)N^^(N
MGK6&(I1J4)5&ESR3OK]UM/\ (,OA[.S/U)TU-.M[.33H@T48/E'TR2&Z\]0

JC$?-*G:M'P9XTTGQIHUO_9'[


]?PYK\]RS#_6

W


MGI7QE^W)K&C?$JXTS0O!]W]M\7V8N MOY+Q??:WD;YI-L?
%+RS#9%S#+2


-
YB;:]T5D)]%4 =_P#9W=:_/#]LCQ+%<?&3
M1]3\$7/VSQI9?:$\CYAEF@A4#
G[L?N]W2OFN'\!]:QG)5V6Q[V-ERK0M?LY



SC+(4

^W4&OS0^
GC36[
M?]JIOB%\.[;[;J9 $EOYD:;\V*6XYFX^XLO117S64X-.7NQV/7Q-3FA8Z;1?

MO[*UNV^UR1@WDDY;=;+_ 

\(?V
MA9ZB






MQ2_[QX=G


M

MS/H

^
NH7Y5Y/S%


AB^S9DBC(


MQL\


M_A#+[P]JEY@%(PRE&)8F1&7[O(^8K7Y[_ ']JZP\ :?XG\/^*]



MB&*XWR7.
+(K#;;(P^Z\77'\ZB_9%C^&R^-/%WC#3O$?V*P9K
VD/V&XDSA+
MB)QD_

MV D%A_Q
FN_
S*'DX^SA4PJ_Q'G=QT-?ISX5$7A/3]'\.RONNI#


\MSY-K2NS=N  SSV





MIX0\.ZM'J&GVGVWQ7&K;XM\RYR(E'52A_=D]J^JJ48S:P


M)*]




S^(G@SP]!Y5HAL#<7/W_-W-'-'\C(2F&;^%CG/; KZC\$_&CX8_WX)(]

M



MBO%?VB?B+\
/VJV\+S!_^$?O




JPM;PX;Y]MU 7Z K]WU

M@/!VI^+/^0(/MOF?ZSI]EB0?ZM2WWI%Z5Y_\3/$OPY^+7Q7T\^#YL6-YYOG9
MCNCNVPKWD52/F\SN*^WP.%Y:





M









NG$X9X^='$4H.*=XV[;'/A:U3VG(NA^L<,US]K<
M&026K8^HP!_C1













*+WQQ7K_[(OPUU?PQ8


M8J!5_9(T/P)X9\%7OB/QW
5\3ZRT?VM-DZX

DJIS!^[/R
G0?7G-=7^P!XH
M\



M'1;CO7D8S NM&5?5WU]/([\++FL?=5QI

M.H






7]DWP[\%?C!\*]6LH+;[1J]N(6U


?$O]B:_8A!JMO]AO)OM/F-&(?GN-J1[$CE



](^%?EZHGV75E!)NLW1V_O\





M\ R+'Y_967&+-=W,F4_O3%U(_+=7EY+1JU9^TM=PULMV=^-F:VL?#'X2^/




MCO7FY70KU:KKX17E'RYOP-

M


MBY^QR0F



M3^T^
85@%N/LMXNW2,W,+



MEBOS+\






X
MZ5]=1H4:-2=*6(:FU;FY-O*_YGST6^8]3^!?C#P[X?\ VEO'/A[P4WF62I8?



5_IZ5\!G6

MWY?N
_\ 3G%?%'@_PK\-_BY\*)?%&D3;/BTF\2R?OSL/G
OW686Q_P!%0]/_
M $*O3R;5Y8?V_VF^717MZ]CR\Q?OLZ?Q/\ $CPA^QO\:/%-M87GV^U9K3S


MN[9]AW*D(Y]?7=7+_M/?#[X6?#/6=$3Q'X^^R6EYYP%C_8EQ+O 6+/[Q&)&=
MP//]ZOK:



O$/@KP
M3!J&FV__ !(%).JWGF1C[.?-@$'R$%VW
Q7Y
8SSU%?





M]FU&K'$RCS7VUMR]%TZ'W6';J4U)F9XJUR/P[I
E_
=L

M9X ^'G[2VB^)+3Q5%_;%P1;9BS-;;/FDQ_JC&7SY7KQCWKTK]M3XF:[X5D\*
M:?:1_P#%+Z@;K^VIM\?[L(UOY'R%2[9=C]S&


MPJOOAII=M]H^QF




8\]9
_Z3
&Z

M'^+^[7V7=Q+#^\37YGF-&E#&)5OXF_WZGUNG[2BCS+]H+7+GPC\
]6UNPD
M\O4+


B1A_P M
M?[E6M



MC#%E^RQMG
8N!R[%Q\['HU?I.58=.H5I\C=I/SBKW/*KSU9:^/'[4EM\:-


M5-Y%Q+UD 3Y992@^0O\ =Q_*N2\(_ [2?BQ/+?:WX\\[QM8@XC_L=EV%F8=0

WUS;?9+NZ8




M)]\GKQCG/G^L:+XQU7QBWPCUA_\ B0P$
C[(EYVK='I\WWP/^6E??9?@*%.G

M 



M('








GVC[9
M;'R^752N&7^$-G/)7 SY;\%[32_V0O%WBSPJ;C^S;J^:T*$0L^X1PRRGJ)%7



M3%W!SN]J^H/V3_%6J:@NLZ#?WWV\:8T(5_+5
;O.)X'T'?M7R[KGP]\8?!VS




M:7H/








'5V;=@LI/R]I)%[*O]WN
M*^-=)\,_%OQO:7OPMNYO*TJUVHO_ !Y\[BURW\0;[R'^*O?/V:4F^^L+\
M


FT;@O./


-T94CF$]5



M


MU3X+PO\ \)%?:\%_L]]\-M]A\@_;).
.LFY9/XI%QLXSDXZWQ)^R#XH\.^#;
M#Q(/%'_%9V9DV67]G0+DO



MEHUK93+Y



MKRO]I3XQ0_!?PE:O#'OO[MB8#GH8Y(L_P
/^6HZXKU;3[6*WMWT]7WQPY\P=
MO
M]%U


1\&3]V/OS./X




?9O]OKV[QEME6=L5MU_0TQ-;V2Y$=1X\^'
MWQ0\_%SPWXTU+7L^'K(W7GK]AM?^6ELL4?*




I@


M O#

M@\*W][^Z:^&=:\





/2P4O


M^74?#:^'?%M]K5M^T9X*N/





UTYNW]6.*CB.7W#ZM_9:^

M^)_V8_&CVGC#Q =9NO&F&2$VL
)MVM(Y6;YHC*K;UEC/1
8[YX^V//6.X5 /






M54;[7IZY#$L?]?\ -U#_ 
0KWL1@*?LYNE./-I?R/
I8L^S/V??B)-\3/ =K





A^\U?/W[

M$ _?K+O\WS91]W(&%9?XCUKWU+1/MKR@?*2/_00/7W]#7QF)_P!FJNCU\CZ^
MA4YJ29S7Q/\ %$_@?P/J6K19WVOE!
$#EY43NK?WO0U\;_$)OB7\5O -OXJO






+CX[?M

MM7G9^6G

KA]5BZ=.
HOW;




M-Q)N\O\ X]?X8W

M */#\T491?F'FJ/EF'11^/;1CT[XF7?CZU^+7C.+[/X9M]Z1P[[63:'A^RGY



MKTR?]4_W?3GM7KOPA^.&NO\ %+Q!X(\=VVV[=H#:_.K](9)7_P!6F.R=37S9



O:OA:$88WE3W3?YGL









U'5B_D6W[S]]Y;(7&51E& _\ %CKWYQ\AA

J


M=% ^Z%Z5\21_&'QGI?@J7X1^']-^R:]I.WSKGSX^CR_:EX=-G^KW?\M*]J_8





M8='(LO\ 2OM5NWGCSXS]V1%88:)_7[W:O4]+^(TW@_\ 9W9)KC_B=QD_)Y:K

MXA*%1J


M




M\G$VL2#]U%\WS$

M_P#B?

;I';6J

MHBV3^;K)\\*G


*-I!:
\P.W\4

M^T&)O


MFYT&Z^T!#AEQ)\O[QP/O@'L?7I7Q.




M^')/[398_P#13Y?^B[SR$W'
@7\JW?VOOBU?-X]\+Z5X*@^W:\&NOM WA-A\



G_ #WB_AK[G_5^
M@W#$U
 ]N]??.G:A!XPM+6_M_N M_PA%?\ V6OB
XP=;!5?:3AR



EVDN'//.[^M? WPQ^+FL-\7+SQ!X[M/L3^(1&-/B\R-L



MWX0G^8!?P#[ENT\




4=];C;\NU$6'FYV

^U?$.4(SMYBI@F22=/\ EFT?^JE'

-[-Q;K-L
M_P!4C+]UQZ?B=V/NV61VMR81\O(_(D?TKX/-L%+*ZSA.GROM=/\ (^CPTN:D


M@'Y5[5WRKM&*^4_V*_%5[;^$[[3M47;J
+*95\Q6QNFGV_=^7[H7H*^JUE#6
O
MB[XR?M

BJ/E#]
^_;/N7[27Q#TO1]#M/#


'S%2/US7AO[)

-+!3]A6CRROM




M-WY=L?+?S!



M;+LT?R=





*Y\Q=F[?TQSV[_ )UGSQSV


MX3^RZD6C^T7/]H$^:/-C:/Y%^4;4:




^#?[(;^
M&_%
GF^)M-+
&VSJ'
E^LH&4+1Y$4B]SUKS\=B




M1WPQU/Q?X;&E_#VV_M
:/;_;;=O)+V4JW)^0B5LSQY^?/M\N*TQ=.O[#G2:I
M]/NE=KK=[Z_YG

M5NC


MGGBM#^)&EV?@/PYI7QF\*?;].L_.\I#?-#E9)MS?-;IZ&'KFO5Q.#Q^+A-X7


EZ(IN2

?RG*(O7TKYU\&_






M=ST&8/A)'I\WBCQYXH@B\O6[LV&Z7]Y)@*KQ=#A1\N_JHKD/ OB6W^(OQT\&

M^']1(9IL-)_J[./^&)&8?


87'7NV*Q='\5_&
MW2=-7Q1I7C$^-[


D
1_UBD+M#%NF3CBO(;']FGX8^)KQ/$WA_


^*#XT

?B$






M[V&TW#/+/\S[F/
TOWW/3@ 8SFW^GV7[






JP^3#TBM%)Y#B;



89O[-2P^RF!3NX53*^Z

MMKD/'7C/PM8^'_#GP)^%W_$ST687)NKW$T&0&6]7]W.I88?SAQ)VY[5]?:#I
MVCP_M/:U:K=A]37R@8O)DX'V$Y^;=C_QZO:E3EAZ/M-G*








MT?P]8-\1-/TR\\G7+K^S]Y\F3C =EY?Y/]6#T(KV8^TI0G#;;\7O^ISN'O7.


M6_C#Q%J%G_9OC+2!:_OO

M^(]5-OY5SAG\PQSQNW$ 
:X1TZGG/J&J*=*E*$Y25IM_AS+]/ZN=E-\J2/7/
Z]<;<YOQGOO$'[/NB?#[Q

*A$ZJZN



M(O.^T64Q/R2(K+A@W=NO;OW\U[:Z+^R3XPUZ^'E?:/LB@_-\VR_V=@?4?G7N




=J$)_J




_W5/7G'!%KX;0^&O!_P +




MQ]DMF(&9
N?WDAZ8]\UY9-X1^)FA?%37_&7@&U_X2+P?XI:V^T_O+6U^S+;6






[=&UOS1I-U_:+_ +EH





MWT7Q'^SGX \4WWQ@\6;_ .T/LHTY/[*AX:.;9+S;LY^]-%_K /;/S8ZL)+#Q


M %

MOQ;+)^U/+X#U36=VMZD0+!?(7Y1%IZSR_P /E_ZO;]YE_'LJ^93K8.&(H.VZ
M\WRNWZW.&C\6AG^*]9\



@7?.(XQE(G[?XGQWQMJ_C7]G[



CP[=^?'#]@
5JDMP=K;GDW/*?
;=WS@A8]B[6^8<YXZ&N




M_6)NKW


'B^6+*W
)U22R\DL#=#[X(;.^3HQQM]Z]!T_2)M2_
M:TL=5U0?V



-SYGF7&]3^] B&($D[GKZXKTXXJ6)KN
I65H];:M+JN





C_  HTU-+^*WQ@U.^T?[!<




MG4%U4Q+L






B;^S_WB%&7!A1OW6[I\








M(U]XRL]
U7^W/#EH;-Y%^RM!NW;R.2HD/[Q3Z^W&*^JP]6=2K4DY7:Z\S:[;

+;*/WL<?K^ S4_@6WD\ ZU\$?A_J?[S

U3^&_B[1]/^)GC?P!*WGNYL3!'L9?N

MW]L-!CS/E;Y2OG']\3V;&.
#&?


M23F93U4=..

M;D-]:Z;Y'E0XNFQ;[F?)\G[^

M)!
^C?A/-X@\*^-M2^'GC+5O[=ANQ$--O_(C@\TK$\\W[N
$K@.J_O'_ (?E



M^%V\_ET



\KE][R.5

0W0N8CNBV?=_=^;))QF?






M70^-

M^&?!5MKG[4
7Q&DX;;CHW:T^S_W\_=]L5[-.M4PV'O!7CKWZ=KZV?Z:'GXF'


8

5/\
M8K;QGH^G6WB[X&S_ -I7.M=(]D
/EB
1PM_Q]X#9!F_A&
=R5KBPT*5'#QJQ












[






MU'T[UV5GX\TM?VM-0\/V-@+/2;_R_P#A*)S=O*)=FGB:S^1H_DP=W^J8 YYS








M$_\ $RN/[1L[L.3:_:(CM9

MJ]L]S*\5?!OP;\$;YO&?@*X\SP#*WS:=F7_02%6

^]7+/
M1;?XZZ%/XP\3'S_A_(%98]FWY@PB'

M$[7^R!]L\\OYV]#+]WY9%P^.A8'/&


MT6Z?.GG[)!#Y057=ABW!)R6BZ]





/QKU
9C


M\O;C*O


MIUJ-.#Q
^=/9Z??^)ZN&J.


MRYKO_#_PYYU5JS/&?!OP[^!O_=)XL^VI?V5\08/,;1YO(OI-[/\4_%TP






:'_PDOQ!TE;$MI?VN:SVF:(6H_?2.8V_=
*?@3J
M7EZ9
%&HZ9]E:79M




M/H_A?^V/#TAA+2?VB;?8PNE@Z.I?F1S_  =JUR_%XBIBIQPV(Y6^7I%;_G_2

1?9VZ9^7GG



M_

7

M]!\.Z?H/P?\ V4_B!\1])']@P:Q]@2:Y^:;/E7[6X&TE\Y\QE^YQOSSC(R/'



MH'A33/__8^

UA]B\B/?!PZ[9-R[ON

;/FR37?Z3I
'C?X=^

^$H=(FL?@K:Z

:W)I%QL

PVL3C&=OSX^[QWJ_X%EU;6M/\=?V7_P C;;BQC;[O


(


M[$')QC!!@^-
EG^T9\-? ?Q-GT[^SDTM+S[8OG^;N
LT4
?0(1C8OW5[\]B?

V23[_###*6



=B/#BP?9P&\PMNFE














I
/39IX\;@?O^@_ 5]!3Q$'?ZQ=J/??SO;RM:QX.*PGM+2/&;S]B

M+?V7/%-UJR^+_P#A*/&HA1?Q_V5#9X:**1(OFW._,DJ_=QTYSQBM\8;SPC=
M:7XB^(OBV+^U]'\+&#,6^:TVZ*PK\T2^8V90O9L8[ MFU\'[SPYX5U*#7+N

([&OD'X^?#75?VGI
M-+U/Q3%_PCNB1I
T5UC[5O+;8_N(T;#F&(?=YW^U=[XFCM?!GPVUG1=+3^T_



M
<XV^]=/<?';QDOPY/BV*Z_P*
MS*J3:^3'U
PB_N&/_5_6N=\-^/\ P_X&^&^@_$SP'X;_ .$7\#7D=P))OMTE
MY]KV2FW VS*98]DN\?






8/^$YLHQ'Y
/F7&G_9\Q1J







M5Y%F9)OF(+G



M-V9_LO[[[3YF \[C;$C[=OFJOS/].AKPRX\ ^ / -]X
\!:WXA\GQ;J37C#4









M8T$;A!YK.P;Y&+94#WSQCW_0T2'XT?%7Q'I-SMU1#I1O%/I]F


_EWS[/*#




]V7R]G0O&&GIS?ANOD1C*EY&C


MX.U_0=2S8:FUZRWGEM_I?ER11CY#M9






MKX#K]A?3RS:A+BZ?F3>L0VW&0N 91^[!Z

MT)\*M3BNO
L_%IU
:E($9=ZVUHBQ_P 2G[X;[JCKSVKJ?BYK5UXX\67^IZ;K




R[1&ZP2'.&
)XVAS^\/\ =KYF^ ?B6+Q-XRT37M$N?[;\
M#?$

N=(MI?^*:.QFA^;_GX
M5NI^?_69Z5XV*PTLTQLZCZ6_(^BC6]G35
Y3X\ZE/^U'I^FZMX0\.[K#PV'=

)DN)O
4S&U0;[D


MQ$+-[&^\N*#ROLUNR2?);AVY:2'KM^[WYQ];-\0-%L_!K^
H]0
GAXC;D0OS

PJQ6
YTT]MMCWU/V=





VJT#_.[_+C]YUZ


62LK01_V4UWO7[0L;#]P 3C8GWAW]-U=+KTH


M_P#;5$DC_P!7M_NITS^'?Y3
*=&IC?;RCO;HUT\]3WE+EIJ!\\ZEX-^
_P 0


S].

MEB

;=8BI
MCA:YEXPQ/S-']YNW%?45


MHGX5B&RK+][&




=Z^
I8

M]@A#1R_O96+'+-*WS 8W8[5Z'X:^*GC7P-\9X]-\4^%/M&O7!P9_[1A7[EJS



M((_]5YGWF!]
\X\D\

M%7HV.*]
^!_BC7OA/^RCIWBV]B_M7Q-K+2+=7'R+Y?E7\L:':JLKY5R.F!W(
M)-


MNGC^T(=7\GR+CRVB\K8NQN&QOSNDZ@8Q[U\WA\YUW7/7E+VL.4\0\^&/VD




F?)&Z
9_P )-;GP['#O\[<UH-UR
CYO


MMHQE6ULO
N/W1F=VD&^0#=DJ_7.





G[:CR'FGA^7]I3P]H]KH'BCP/_ &CHTRR;;?\


MU0/3YL'KR_[0UOXNUS1?!TG@4_;DU
W;2S8CART31[3B7#??1_N[??/&/L88


6OZ9HG@/2O[?GTQ)7FG^U!/+
M


5]AE.]OF;YC\SM47
MC6QMOA]\/;;2]
UO_A'=7U;S/
NOLC76W9

M[KMZ

M_#7^UH;7XM_VY8:
]0^V^%KXW/G_N%BR4@3;_ *TJ_P#K?
(_[4N/LZG]I%W&KP_)MW)MW?PLV=_.
#/
^#;Z





&XE9(T/[Y0WWMW13[^_IO[
M/OB_Q!X2\?7OCWX[Z7_8VKZQY;:=??:HI

M$\^+]5\0?$F\^)'_  BOPL\-R6_EQ?V&+S[6MPJ0L



ZQ#Y2SJH.U07^9B
/_VB)=;^!%EY$]O\MSK&^W;S=]FB+^ZO-O39<1_+G&<G&!7I





HD\[B1
ON


MV_V=

<R0+$

M^
UF^

5%'WOWG$B?K_ ':XLEG'!RG3

MCVJ%^N_VKU'QE\3;3P_X$U=='7[1J%_Y81?[OERC/^L4C[I;\JZ*'4U\5!;'


\18+W['G?P8\;_M3:7X$:RC\'_\


7Y<TTBC=_JC^Y)^[_A7

/1%*K@
OIG/M7PAX#M_C5X!O)?$?PI\#X\/:N1]JD_M&S/G&$LD?%QN







MB?7D_P$C\2ZUI_9%OC[)]E\Y DPRN5EW*%^\IQLXZFN(A\.^
M6UI?&=M\




M5WN!]K-XLPS'/L_U87R^8VQR!U[]O9Q&*6(K+


MV


M62V


M)OO#7AC1S:6=B(UU*'[1

2*WM!F3 3 #']VHSOYS@5ZKJ'B!_@C\.K/3/FFBR\0ZH)



N[3_ ' 6/S-_RTQ^6*\C%85XO][[/D7;?^NY[-'%^S_=]CA?

MC;-X)ETKXA_##^TM#92FI7/]OVMON;S5:'Y8%
*VQM9DB^=MP&<L?DP1G'.!CLPN*ITXJA&%W'J_PM


MIO@O3





1]8@




/2






Z



;*D
PS#(#N^]VQZ5FQSPMOL


MQH7@/2Y-:\3:T;/3]


M-4U2^\H:G:?9F0CR[A881O


MDKG3/WE8X/3?A=XC\
^



M/05W8[.

EFL[@[;5

M;J!^/4^!C

MK_9Z_+*9

M
+F
2-Q%B


MNG^M9(A^Z1_N

-*
FI;G@/P1^(US^S_\  Y?BQI.B?:+^

V$'.WGD5M?%OP7K'Q:ATKQ1+H?]NZEKXE










MF@\KRYE6+CC?G!^ZHQCGJ*^B=.^


M+:W^W:)XA$YTE_.6+^S1;XN9?E\MFE\QWV_
9^.O@7I.J?'YO#M]





M50-IX\R%LBY@6UE[J?NJWWT/L1RP?\1FN?A#\*]!^/PJU!M6\:ZHUR8[TP



+[[N#7SAX^^#W@.'Q=X-TV'2]AUXWA@N/M4WR&-WRLX

OMGG'
M


MI_YZ9/:OF3P]^S_X8NOB!X@T


M7Z=[R_K[PE3FIV1]_L]Z3X0M] TW7/^8_ GALS#1Q^^/S3R2).
LWFG]\3
M]\





M^@SZ)]KM?%:JMM+]M:/R1;1PR-P&^;)/^QT[YX\7NOA9X=\0?M4:5HECJNR^

KR


:Q1-K?]J6_P J_9WF


+/!
M?@33M:\,7_F?%;3?-DFA\B(?:C+-Y8&9)O(&VW9ER%P<<_-7COP_U#XI_MBW
M5MX5O=_X1_P%I^[_A(9//AN/.+YDM/D4)

HS:GEU*I#

4[U:^Z]-
M$:ISC'D//OBEX

QT6_\ !UY]MN)7E.L6I2WCWX8W'F2.V/OO_J@/]K^



E%D#NEVQKMB@D;B
^WOY/\)/&/Q3^.5K?6G@;







[1B
Q

MA62[-$MM_G_9P^ZPG.^V(+[ML?


MRW#73?;HS@W0+_JT9C\[]A7#A*M6]K6:YE[WGIZ]UH6Z:DK(\=UVUM;[X8

O$'[8MGI^H:;X8_L'P=#

MK2:.._:XTJ\^*EQ:_$6:]_L(71D&@6^S[3]N55AMKGD%3'M\M?OJ
[^.AKLO




-O_ & 9O/\

HR_+;3

VGZ
MJWBCPUJ_A?Q3]MLOAZ+D7UN;%4




8WQOY
F8 OW 
;





MA^=1\



MDB&19H.75U;*7/\  P/'/.*
YQE2$U2I+EOZ;6W_ *\C'#QE6MS$^B?$22U_



+3'
$? _B^.

GC/P]\ _#]A\)_#UL;Z^O#*





3QN[!



5


8Q&9/NA_O

M^7YA3_BM)8?$?1=-^
_PWT;SKZX9VUI?M31^?MD6VM^;@!1A5E^XG?GG;7EX

?2?Q#\7OB-8^/\ QZW_  LK1+(N;RZV0Z=_
M8^Z)XD/EPJ#/YI14X7Y=O^U7J_[1'Q&T;]J3P+?3^X?^$OT#257SGWR6FW?





M##2X_MQ&[[1;+--]Z+CY@?ONQ]

MX6PW6L? _5_@_P(T\[XD^'_ ?/C#JFX7%R]TIR@\D?Z.$Z
3ZX.:Y;P:-:

-O$G_;Z='_R#KC[!+I_]G922W<;8LF;ST/\)^7Q]Z


Z;K/COQO_:7P]GCDV_\ $J
721DQF!_-/[W;UXKZ!OM!\)_L_P#P

MCX5^&S(\2_VDTWGBYBD4\@I


YVM$&^\/XR?]GBO



M_%[PW?/H./$OBQ;G^VX1?'@6T0%O\QB*_=;^ @_I7

M=R\10]HBK^R[XFMOASXSMO'?Q
O?[7UKQ/E5UC8UO]@%M%+#CR8
K+YBLB\J

M0K9SGCO;\

M\XR-O(KTLMK1JYI5QV'5Y2MRJ^T8IK2_HD8T?:+]R]D=)\-O@W8^.='T+Q1X


--




M'/@KX6U;6_'THC\0W#(+752)&^VNDLR
OEPAQ'Y8DC7YE&=W'0UY3^T!;S^)
M/B0OBJRUGR]0U4MY;_9-^!%#'.)&7T_NBNP\.?#NY_:T7PS:?#[2O[:\$^

DG$L
G4'VP


MI;T






%CH-OXO\ (TNY63[7)_9EF?
*M&R-C&4P[;
J0?KCCV7X


GWB
]


]Z6&]\'_


?Q
:]S#?5*D']<WAH]/U_JQY<%4A(^CKKX
MN_#/0?@<O@?2+,PBVV@^'_,N6%KD38\^1
'*EI




MB!+J'==?Z





[\&:-XS

M_:HH_L9MU





?V3\/?%
MXC^V:I]N
O\ QZN'7]U!F4?O9%3@KUYR
XW/#NH^?C_ *Q:_OX8:IY'P]C


_A69\'_ G



M1T.Z
PMU-G;P_9]MJRR\1*&DW
J'++QCCJ:[7X^?#^\_9]\:-XZ\)W'FB8E&
MTL ?O2$6%1YDCOMP)'. O..@Q7CN@ZI\-M'T/5O!/@_6?[9\5^


MSJ$'Q
URXMO#VG9TSPP5&L7FYE_X^UA
7[N14SG#+\N[KSCC/





M^J@)/W8CZCN*\2-?%4ZL\7C/CC:2^=E_Z2='M)RII'*:/\4O%_PA\
W%PEWY

<<



\*WCOC3O[$M1O\K=C]Y%AQMD2(



XC7_


VJD&XWU
MN^O]:'?*/LXW.#\0?%SQ_P/#NN:O8W6ZRTP6YTA=EJF3(5%UUB8_?_ +X/
MMWJ7]CCQ%81ZYJ/CKXB/]E\;:QY2+)LSN
2S0'_4X0?N]G51UXSS7&:WX'M_






M_J0UR?O*J_=C'5U_X%T/CNO&C2I\L6G'?L[ZLVYGR\[ZGFOQ&_:&^

MX.T[^VK&41'0KK?:P^7A1Y_#Q'=G+_?/&..376?LDZCX/\(^']6\9ZQ
+;Q3




MH6:_=
I?$#6K?P_\1/A+I-BW_%&:&-6&O-L*\S0J;7UD_P!;_P \V(_O\5SW
MQV\%ZK:_%&'QMK&H;]/;S%T4?+QNMTBG^ZP/WB/]8#^6*U_#'[0/PF\56OBK

MWF6X^[L'_+

;
M&W.CW\7V;

MY#L?_6





M289]T'#XC;





MTD:?Y0F7R-WWSQMXZFO/O MGHOPE_P$B?P!/]FU&18$U2SVLV[:)!#\\NY1
MM4RG]V!TYSQ7:/K?A[2_L/AGPOXQ^P^/?#A)N[7^RY9-XN9!(!O=?*_U#/U


TC6_[/MFWG3X/)EEWA;R.


MG/[X#H@]\IDGS?P#J$GP@U+4M4^+/AKR?!WB'RAH5U]MSL^SJZ7/R6N9/FED

=X$^/7[1/@WPS=^&C

:_


M[

MS&S2W7$(R?F\K_6

MX[N?#OAW5(C8+

M^Q+;2_N_FS'+#)]TLOW63[R'V[UYHV@MX/OM/^'6B^*/[8\=:DS?VG']A%OY
M#(//CYD8QOF$M]UP1M^;J*^C_BA\5-.T'XEZ'X;U._V6T(D-ZN&&5
*RI]Q3
MW ^XWU[5AC)PYO98:E9/?SMN:4JDJDK2/*?#/BC6?VEOV/?$NZ_
.NW!LY+B
M01*X&S4


2\/EO\ 6$]




Z?ZW;






MKO?I;JNQR5
17J2YV=3\?BQ:?M3_&6/Q5=0GPSXG\-'_B1IYANQ.+B5+D?



=--M&SR/O#^

ML2-F02?ZLN!MYP#SZCJ/B3P!XV^(FHZOK
YE\
(D;@^1.


M2RP;=VV
_N8$

]WP

?WF[_7

;/\ LZ.'R]^ZY(W']VV8




M\(

8M+K_A)+H^8D@$;C:(VC7$85


M&_*&FW62K7+[FX; Z#^)S[8.
MI9VU7Q=#GG3<)<I[G^R7JDNLGQ



MN+KKPJ11R1=%





A55Q%&W

;
J


X_P!)+]5_\=K2



1A959


[D O+]E
& MIEE^1/..)PO?;Z\9KOI


M$OF_\LF1EPZ1?Q G/(../8?A3\4KOQ+^UQXZTF].[3]/%@MA+\OS&33W:3HH

:1QL^]D?<S]U3[]J^;Q#E5IPA2_@J
M\5OU=W:^N_Y'11C--S/FGX=^;\$/A?XE\.:W;?;-!L3;G5+?S#'O26=GA^=5









M;4_AUX



M8V^7 T3_ '#O/[PQ=57VR
8]7!J52BH17N/WH^O7\;F5INJVMCTO]M#PY%HO
1X-NO.-S=_&R)L'Y]TG



7^M;(V_+U:F^
M'_B+8_&+6M-^'_PWM?[)\
Z6TG]J2[WD^TK(&GB_X^$$D?SH_P!QFSGM@9Z3
89$@CD
M;S&SC'F.W*MT[5Y)I?[5/AOQ[K$OBBQ^&^[Q[=;;[^VY.=J[2/+
2Q?ZH
G

M4G\\7'VO[3;MY?R.J%

MU3[
(8O
N!MG=O#;?WI&.W4UGV2_$'X-?.Z&OVG]D^
)$46$WF6\GVK$^)
M?N[DCQ'(J_-C..




M@-C\LN!#











M_ ^SPEJFT.?[9W8
3&7I


R-%'\

M
9&
^AKV\11Q&(G]7PTK4Y?A;5?KZ[$QA:*9QVG?M+Z5\*=%USX
?$X?\+ \



7PHFUW3?#?PG^*'PKT#3K3^S
M]6MVU?\ LV(O
^XM!YD@XW)Q'C[Q[UY;?7E_\)OCMXBF2P\_1==6 ZNV\+A8
'_ !%^SC\%=3N9/ .I_P#



MYG





'2G\Q6W&:+]_UVM]
MY/\ EH#UXQS5F/P6FD1^-OB;XRT?[1\*[%K/^PI_M1^97S:W'RQ-YR_O2O\
MK(R#VX%?2'@[Q]JEQ\+SXNOX/LL04G2I-\;;3]H:.?[B9^\W\:_KBEBIK#Q?
ML7S4[NR_O6Z?KY&BJNLK





M8]@_:2\'^*O!7P?TWQ;IL^SQ!HJS_;H_+B7[89KB)(QN+




5G_ &CJ+^6


M^\R3CC!'/HU


3(T<?,
M3%&S$\73TYY)KZ<OI)]+\K:ZN?[-?5@<1_++N6.0




L3P-8:=^SZ?!OA[7M!_P*Z\2?;/M4'VYCY;0


:_VIX.L?M(U&


U33=5_X1#XOGS!+)]EN


+?B9\';#XP06 F\8ZP7^S:9OC&/

SX7^
OV;
M?AW\3O#6L^!]#SJ\:W#64/VJ_P V^Z!Q)S*I1LJ9/O8QM]ZZO]G6Q\26?[)G
MBC4?&$WV2QNC9B!/W)SMU1&YC8_['4MWP!:K\'?B+HNCVWA;[3X\UE+@ZU

M

M[\#KOU;2!J9LI 8^&EF2!^)
H?W8DZ@GTYQ7F4?A/P%\7/B ?B'X^(O_
^
M

MFQYN[S#Y]STRB_NQC



MOWBKGRVCQ]QE'W8UZ$5W8+*:4



M/.:Z
MC5E^ZC*S5D]MM;7_X'5^HZE-QDT?2?P%UK4_V@/C#XH\?:=+O\ .+;



^Q;&2U0C[Q(.?FZ =*T
MPF6Q51JK/W7JNGP[Z]-S+E
#5_%?@'P/X;\9I^SY#]FM=2-DNH0^9
VWRI-T



=+UF[

:

M[



MR0K




M







E^



M_;TEXJ_V+!_9K0;=C[;P8@



F4G3DCZ-_X5
MUJW@C]CS2&\06 O?%N@-.85WI%Y9FU'Y^$9D;
97KSQT&:\3U_XG_ /]J+P7


H:']X BKL1



I\WWOLK
.O'8U/X3^(U^O@*?QYK=KY.FV3







M

??).[CD#.UJ'C9O!JZ

MLOB_0U@751]J=^9O
2'_ (^






?B?8_\4YX2C-H]O#B.X\Y3%-!*

MW?&Q?PO^Q=/XG\))]I=0%9]^SDWXC/#9'\1Z*:]&^)?A_P#MSPG;^'%B&@-X
-W?@&P^,GB[3OB#\/_%O_'^
%=V
MGB_LU[_[8^T0Q\S


MQ]UMGW(U^^Q//RXYSRGP/\0M\'/@3K'QI\*?Z.KBV.K2')'_ !\O:0\/O8_Z
MQONC'Z5Z5? QJ4Y5G*TO/;R^6UO
CFN^4^A/BC\3-/\ V=?C)J5MXAT+R_'
MC584L;C[8QV+9VZ4;8_

M+FS_ +%ON

MA2X5+@;U56;+HOW@


MJ)O/5_.
=[)$PVC!7:Q(Y49]\5ZK^T[\6O$?A/1OASXF\)Q[[8KJ!NS^[X :

63:0%N8AF3!/W'Z
/?




MSUM-IEN0HX;/]X]CT[=_EXR57!TJ


/L/P^UP(-;L_[+:3?Y$;);#?O9QB1_X%'7YN.GKG[.^O:%^T)XK\:7
M\EI]OT[31:?V1+YSP[O







MK^)/[#L? [9@A^P_:?-^V1I;D95QMQM7JK9W=L'-#]I:6XT'0_%FJ#^UO[


/#OPU\,_#/X6ZG_;5
MU=K<&6;[/<0[DRW2\3(&Y/F_P 0Z5%H/[-OPTU[Q-XBL=1L/[<UG13:MJT?
MGW%OY/FC





W^'3SU7R#GE2P
MZ@NG^9Q'B3XP?LY_'#7+GQQKWA[[)X_NU7[9;?:]1DW;8Q!&,HJP_PHB0X5
M.-W))S7?_ _XO'X_?M@:EXBNK'[-HUBT1@C
X.S=8.K_ 



M9=%2X
-QY^H'9YDV9#MMD7.?+3KGIQCG/8? SX3Z?\)_'&N_#K7=1\RY\?+;
MC28O(;D64

M?_V7X6\//?1LOEW$GVKS[5I 
2!)(]LJ/W.=W;'/6?''5+OX4_&SSM2TTQ^#


77$C%^ 
YQ6IJG[/]Y^TMXLAT6QT[_A&?$
M.4;4?/6Z^T?NPV-I=)!MDB*\'GK5ZRO/%7A79K'C#]GG[+X0LWFZT/&\;_9

CFK2LCX8^(DG[0/[27@^UFT_4

?$?]I;XA?WP;8?NZ\+#[
M9+O OO[4M^HDCN2?+\HC^+^_7?:E\5_BG^RKX#O?#=QHG]JP6.U;.;[59P^0





?+M]EPG?R5&ZU?_ *X]OZUZ

MF'RGCO75^!?@/X

MV Y:6(E*

K7FMM]D\*Z4L?]G)\DGF
_PNW_P?IMKWLO6'


/ASQ )#J.+H.8A!&$@X+R-R]P/]6$Z?


)%X+A

/LI
8'DFWM
M3N&5W2'




M@)_I=E9;#M6



MN -IEO\ VM;IY'D'




M2


M?$O_  COP]\0+&=&;[#+=>8UN8S




?A=K-MXLC*:EH'D<Y'S?:)28_N(?X73H6'KCOAZ)8VWP<\
S
M^
=3._QKK6PZ=#\WS^2WD2?=W1\)(OWD7KW.

GH:*.A1TCX<^
_A+9ZK\




M7B/P'XQ^*WBR&!-4_L[Q/:




M=U]HF\7*?[*'ENF/LERC7'WT4_PO]XJ..
\XP?'5O+X!AMO WPSCW^);\2?;





MW&F^(O[(UK3?F\3I]EM9O






I_6XN

\G^ND;[




Z/[E'^T3_=4)]W9]YOH#S71_%SQ!/XB_92@\6L0OB?320LGR_)YE]'%
$/K$)



)??Y@N%ENGZ L

?XV/7C'(


;J


9ZWXV:



WT=I\3_  Y]
MLNK
L-
7[=&
%POVCFWXZ
&I5,3: L00_-\WFM(WHWIW)ZUX9
MXP_:*M9/&WA[QI<Z/_9-UX2:Y%XOGM+O^U1!$Y6+'CT/7MWQ_VS([KP#XPT

M4:H=6386W


M-C'W7_UA'M_#7IX/#O$)5O:)+;7I%:!B
;!OF-'PY^WWX+DM]1C\40C3O%FF
MF%H+;=++]I\W#'YTMQ$F(V3N2



W7_0&_P!7_P !^\F/IR1X[;ZEK6G_ ! D^
_Q0TDO

;IM8
M7YQO


MB98Q]V)_X:\]UCX@6VNW*)X]\)^;XUBP)O\ B:D9RJXXA B_U8'K[U[%\&?&

M;Y&$

0/57(V


B!G@'^IW1CY&3HBGUR


2B


)567F $
M_
Q^]CVXKYMU8:Q=_%Q/B]X+O]JVN69?(7YB\'V9/]9\W4'[JGW[5X[IOC#P
M%X
'5;./[W'3=]U/Z5Z;\0_BM:
M^#/AK-K^GP+4M2PL?OY<@B;JNW[K'J%_'MY+\%-1\&ZKXNUWP9I6G?9(O$3



\[2!1_:4L/E*I(/^MX;(4_3'O7T'\,_B
MA?\ PL\GPQ\8_#WV*VU+)@4W4;[FCFDG?F!#T9H_OLO7C/..W%Y(\MBU2UO







M*=(G$_B/6R54X P8O+NO^6@?=']_/IZ'S+7K#XR?!7Q%X
\*:C]NU^S^S?






=7/TKNS'*HY/A8X&+YI/=_C_D8TZJK2]H
MCT/X7ZQ!\%/B#J/PJCC_ -'M3$V@RD']X'22YNN@8\;Q_K)._P H J;]H.]C
M^*?BRR^$%JVU;L2+J
5N7]V-


MY/\ H1VE@-ES-=/S#\WW]GWG_J#X7X!\5^+[K5+3_A4?A '25W1W=Q_:D0\Q
M=I$1V77SKA_
^[USSVKZ&\8?&SP3\4=/M!XAC^Q^)M*9BL7[Z3_7-Q\RHJCA


W;_M%O&X




_W?Q[5\E^*&MM6N&L/BAX8_LG6$.8/

E0?-+8^D/VC/'/A

MW0?[H;\._/FN$JX&5#+E_$A?[V[_ )'32QD


LOP?VOU/0C*/./BIKT_Q]^*F@:Q.^WX;0F<K@+)YR?9D0CA5F&V:

MSNX.


YS[5]1@LHJYI16&VY?R;T.&IC


F\2)'&G$^V+_50R=
_@=N

:Q,82:5(!O54SQ%G QC/()))
M\,T2S\._&+Q0_P <?'D(L_V@Y&EL3)('$T;VDW^K(8?/'']]#UX/6N3_:-L

M6/BA?^
O';_9_!G@\1C0E^1_

MUT
/I'B46TPP'C^R74FS+G/+1 -E4?Z5XY\6_CE=^-/#EIXB\+Z5_:NBP;O)
M(NA;^9N9$;YI8T;AE;L?KC%?'5TO@+5]2_X2GQMI/]@SK@I%]KN)_
RH1OGA


O@ZQ\=6\'D^(O?F^7!Z-=3!O
3^%_$D?C;6='_LSPAI_P MC=?;5N/M/F1R0R<)F1<2

MEH;05T_/J:8*4*D97Z'KOA'XH:;JGPIA^(=Q%]E@N=XN


CY?N&OH\/P_5S5?66^6';





M/H_@L^+%O1?:#

M%&H)&=/AQ_J1&SP2_P#'ON3F-XNJ#IQDYQQ/PYAO-+^/FE?![5L-X*\!^8+F
M



M*M\N[[V

MW?#ZU6

_O4M'TG]YXGUCR,Q_-\WE3;_ .(N
MG^KG/<?2L/\ 9[U#4?BUXWE\'^(L/8^3Q$3&-WVQ)Y?X-K<%(_XVKI-#\8Z

MSI56G;0Y'X!^

%?%P?)^P^8IXAW+R)(^N.G?M]#


)=99A8#






(I
UO






_WE
?\ JPW\(]LG#'F;
M#4//P-\)V'A6;^V/BIJ!8M#^\A\\QN&Z_/!Q!)V(^FZM\!*E[6%**YHQT6


?M(VF5XD/#NL?^JC/


:XNXOM
^(6IV_C/
MX91^5JD&Y=?X;D

M]&6 :

N\RF



]T^'&O_#[6+1]
M3\


MIAW\:[?R_P#DQG[7VNA[)\6/A?X&_:03PSX[N[7;%I/GMJ\/F7#;!-Y4-O\
M=:

M'Q:G^

VK:QXQM





MX3 8[O(NOF(5)1U3S/\ 7*OW3WYXS7LT84\1:-6=I/K:_)\^[W/+E%1I^W1]
M::AX8\


DF







8.?GW]HG6

'[Y[\=Z^=OV
M.?$DO@3Q7K_P8\6'[3H

M7
-I^T.P^4

K\(_&
G[7&JV/B35XMECX7
C+S,^8+G?&/FC1 N%B[3.?


M_ SL?#U[JR

\H17'E


M&




V3F9/O!X^(9


M/]I:6+IKA_GQ)YH^SKQ+E!^[\W[JGW[5&(HU



M+ME8GR;EK@W\?FE3)LC2UB^\O\ $?NJ.O/:F_#_ %1ONEZY\6]=L/^)_JR

M?#7P;^']UY/B34Q




MA
LB:Y+YFW;@1W=O_K.3E_-^Y)VY[5ZS\'?V/OA=X;TW[/I-B4NH27E_?W?\

5A_P!4
M3&
#)/L5P!(-5'S2



W@GQ/L_L^/_5^4;6%GD^\S2'


W]7*C+VJY^YZA\!OACX%\+_#J3_A$8/+T3400_P\N&)\
MN613]]V8?

70BZN)

MV=&/[N0Y_BP!7LOA;]C_ .#%OIL.F:1X!QH2Y1+S^V+T]V8_(TV[_6?+U_3%

\8 '=NO;O]'_  KT
M%?ACX\UOP3?3#4/VHBW-B#MB\K9&\LH^\9#^^D7[Q&/?G$5J^(R^M&+^.*U
M\_\ AMS6%-5-SIO OP)\!:+\.;'PEX=T/[3X(U)6-RGVB?\ Y9RF13\[[_\
M6E^G^%?)OPK_ &2_OQ(^.FO:C8#R_#WA\VZQ-OD;?Y]K)N'
NX8=.X/6NO\




MV&PF_=CSL;W,GRPH[C#RIU?O]:Q=6_8FMOOQJN881CPIJQ56_UG_+*US_S



NDDQP^[_6



S

M (N_8J\+7GA*;3]#T[^SKUROSF22XX652?OS#^$-W'6O$/CAHW@[7O'-KX
T





O5.

MT;Z

_Q0[IS^

M?$FHA#);^83O
8D@ZPNBCY84Z*/Q.2?0?CM^Q?IEUX+O6^'&E?V;XCC$8/[_
M 

?8;.;?RL;?ZC


ID^(=KYNI

_U
O8HGWRWMCG/4:A\

M.




MM4C^[Q7+[2OA:








'BI
*;KX%_


M9_#SX:2&Q^(.O
V9#NESY


MLXO*
3

M&\?SI)/





M&&U:]$UW\W/D2)L&\D_\O!#9S^GO7CGQ
TWQ=^R3\3M/U_3+W[1H-ZSB2/[+


8CMK7_7


0?ZQ_IWKG/#

M^

P)=1=Q\70#??27[LG?TVUV5

M+WLWV+Q=K (27RUGSY4@8_*&*#Y)1V%=DL13JVJXUMJ6D.R:TD_=\UZ?IE+W
M78]-\)_LCZ+H%CILT=T4U:U657F\M\2JQX^3S2JX4MW.
MWXZW&@^-GW:#K3 0R+'&O^JMR[G]TKL?GD7J5_'G''+X^_:!M])@^'HN_+N\
MN;6;%BOG?




F/L\


D\GS?XVF?@$+]U!]
M]OIWKD]0_:(GL/@S+H=W(?[75]_VS8/N_;!*/D5-J_NSWDKR\;+
8SBYU7S1


MA1ERVOR]?9NWO.WVN;?RN)R]F=P?V/;2&[LX8;X !VN;_R&;SP-QC^4R@)M
M!\'G'M7DWP1\4'X2?%+5?@UX](FTR_\E+:8\;PD






M&T^%^CB-H5:U5O
6:$%N6\N48FM^Y;KQ@8SVOC30;:Z:/]GCP.VVVT]L:X[/
MM\DR 7UJ/G()W-O_ -4_&/FQQ7#?&CX6ZCX$TK2M#^$%_P#88M/21KNV\F
Y

JLJE)_O/LKHK===-3R/8^P/5=4_90O-+L
M9Y/#-Y]ENI 5F(C5A
0Q YEE)&#N_.O-OV=/&%[XV75O@QXZCS#/Y30MY@.X
M!9+E^(0N/NKU8?CR#P
W[07[1?BW5; :2WEZ(KMYC;]-;S
J-G!B!&&STSUK
MTCP;\


M7$H/WG.=W&

30MV[UVWBO19?C7XX





MUN.Y08C
O1#UKL^JXG TE]8E[R^%]M?U
9255\Z.4\$?LS_%3XW:7J7@CX



-_LU^&[CX;^$[_XZ_$I/[?\
M06RQIHEQ\MMY(::6SN#MA8QMF(Q??3C;QU)'0?#OX
^





3:

\%!:0G$C%QB1F/R1CW[$15
M^M4:?)BTHS3]UZ?FB3
^WP0\5?M#+9ZM\4M4$NKZ6&$T?D0_*9XQF!US_J




;_?MV_P!:G^Z2*YSQ9K7Q7\)ZL-4T



O]
MFVNG_92P@A7E69I-Q;^Z

?V/X6UPQB%?MUG-CRE^


TG*JY;



X]

MMJWA[;X7U5@NER_:E'D^3&]S/_$[G



M;X=^)-

M[//Q8LO!VFQW?Q

M^)_BJZ%Q\083=@6FP)YH;=;GF-S 


T;5
MR?A7B(S

^

?97
MGE0\9_=S1]=GT]/-=;%XBHXSE=WT]?\ AOZN%:DK*1ROQ\6+\+8?#G[/OPK

^[FTT_P(OEZV

$GJSL@
MQ%
O4#KW.

M-)0G@6GR_%?;S?I=#A+DAJ=A\&/'FM_#GXG7/@?XHP^9+XD(








[;C&[?MD'RLWOC(SZAXB^#'Q0U*]6*'XKEKP

MU2'/
KO^Q78Z5\

V?$&V+;=1$Y&X&YP3Y;R& ?N
]OI7BWPU\*_%_]
MH3X@:?::CJOD^#=+\P:A-]ELG&9(W





MR5T(7!G3R/






M_BW\



MS6M25SMYM2M_VI/A9F[0V?Q \- ;K7SWV?SY3_& D,FZ'=SNQGMGGGO!'P
M\^+G[0FJ6K^
R2(=1SO\ ]FMWXR0?&KX=Z#;:_::]_;/A




M.


MV2

MI5:4:59VOI)]7VC\]+E\WL]#F?@#X!^+?C[3Y[VXUW_A$M'\0HJ2Q?V=9W?G
M&W






C:9_N[G'S-_$WT!YQYL\15O[*+OR[/R
M

?WXM9V1?F42P)BVNATYSR<@X[OPUX@;
M7M4UGXZZU/O\-V:P+HIV;=OF(;2XZ*&_UNW[Z'V(Y(YFZ^#4_P 0?%EO\8-8
M;[=?

M? ;X=_%KPSX.TUM0US_A#?L@D6:+[)9ZA]JWS.5^8-E-K%?NGG?R!BN3\3?$
M3QU^SG\=K&R\9:U_;7@362[W
@LX8-GDVRLIQ$KRG
TH[KT[C.

MA\4:K%\0? _]K:;









^
MKH7Q(N/@O\

MMM):X%SCRSQ)&ERG_'QGU?[I/X#:!Z%!;ZG\%_#.A^%H4W^
/$WV@RW'F+^[




MNNVEO^'

6]D_P!$D\S=NNXN/O#&P?\




^('Q*U:X\3B7[-%






:
M\;,\AI4DZE.ST6JM9W[:GIX/,7&RJ'Z6:3<99%






5T?B6^U;3_%ED=0U?_A)M
M=G)

M''S\\:;6RJI^7/.:=\-OVE_ 7AOPE+I_P0\.?\)%XID 5X_[1N(.%D9\YNHB

!MU^6Z\

'/A_HWP
M3^+7_$LE\(^8('WSO]N%U+]K;Y8,B/:#!_$<[^V!Z+ILOA+Q
TGB[Q1X8^R
M^'='?9;_PVS2[C*/*D.Q

(I



MO7G=K=_#G0[K4;'X/:K_ 


V.B_M1_!&^\#^!Q_8'B/PB(WAA^:;;]JNO.ZRA4.Z*

29OM_[^QAWXM?W/+[D&%D9?E ^




N&]5'W_:NO\4?$;XL]M;OQ+\&?\ A*UMV+)K'_4VMG]

9_$[3?BYKNJ1Q_$GP/_:G@&0!8?\ B96<7D'<K-_J
MOWK;[CR^OKZ;JK(Y8BK6M6JI)V]=+_#Y=/3Y&U:VDZ2W/0_&GBW2_#GQ#O+K
MQY8?8O!_B15&EZUO9LBVA42GR(5
G

M)S8QF4

M:FI8R?\ $UAU7.6:3_EHBJ
JC^N?.[8KC]MC*-9QYER='TTT_P'*IX&,KUI
MOWB']J#PQ=_$[6;70/#VO?\ /KX+W+J&F?85NL&]2*1?WKXQ]U_NE_?'&8/




+@''/I]:\R

*I7B;OQ%UC0K.Q^(_P /?B<?[$OM4;3VGU/$

GPXTVRT[XO\ @;_A
-0LMPO=7_M2TL?LX8ET
M'E6J
K[E:%?EQCRN?F+5-IOQB^)/QB\)ZQ#\

7AOXQ3Z!_:O


Y:(80%Y-\A ^7&


GB[3OAWXE_MR?QTEH=)L_[
NK;[ +









R?



MM46Z'B&W^WQVWEB)98;3YYE















M'Q9^T#IOC+X:V7@#P7X+_L'X.RJZ?VE_:C7'GA91
#Y




:IX(T'X]?#_P .67@OQ3_8WAC1/M UJ/\ LZ6XW^?

MOECA62;B!?
'[U8OOLOXC&/)O%'Q'TSQLMC\
M





]M\1I-/\ $'Q*31OB
M/+]EUE5;^PIL+)N4VZO=G;!\HX
?^L]?K7B_C3XP:9\=M1@T/5?#?_V^AA

+4M_
M9L_D3R;MQ+R\6B+$








5K;W?Q!E_X
M5IXHD+C[-Y=]JN[#A3S$B1KF- .1_P M

M]0Q/$.DQZUKWP

6^\5^ZI]^U16WQD^''PM\.Z]8_!

YA/EW*E.(WD7Y?[O/:O'?AI^U)X?\(^ =6T3XCS8

M9?!5O^U-\


M

1T&#[+'9^67E6.Y^:U?)W






M!SS\VZN+N+'Q)\?/A3;_ !#\.ZU_8GQ#TQ&


DB;YNVFB/J5+?ZP]L55C^-WA+X+^ +W2?@S!_;
M6JVHB_MBY_?VWV;

M8?#_ /;*\3ZK*?[-N83:-X:/[R?[9C32EYSN*1[4+?ZW&=_R\BN1MO@MX@^#





K!ICY

?B+H]I]A\4S-8&SF\Y9-V%

MO

RZ?\ 8I8_[/\ LL:P

M'[TF_$

M^^.

\(1_8OB0G]EKJ#



+6^U/7?^$7\06H*S?Z)=7?VG?#@?=18
MUVI&/7.[MCGG(_BS\(?V?M
U.2'Q5]O\;:FL7E/_ &5=1;=IPWWD:
YBD7TZ

=QOC7D6I!.T$S']\1U



M^)W[4VB^(M+\.^'/ FF?8_AQ(+KR[OSI6^TXVRK\LL0E39+D?*3U] M:&L?&
MK_A

K?[765I2]


;_F'(D?[N.G
M?MYWXR^*W[/_ 

MV_YN15*]^



#+Y:CS5

MOU37]K:=;^1_JC!JA\[ENN0/XO3CO6;=1:9\3/V%4@\0V?\ ;'B?17&Y-[0[
M/
U3V^1LHGX8]ZQ=7_:\M-:_:&\$:[=6C:;\*]'^W#5 6?[29+98W/E^4+A
M-EPO.=V/[HJ_POV@QX?\ BUXHUOX7Z=_;GP\O!;^9-Y_V;:$MW _X^8C(
MW[YINF


O/WE/^J_X%_#6_'X.N+_PO-X
MK/S-(_=[OGVY

OACJVEGX3_#OQEYWB%L*DO\ 9MT=K*WVEO\ 6J5&5#?Q]O7%
77'@76K?]G_ ,2:=\2-<_M'[-YZ!']BCC\
MH&Z+W/





?@O59=)-_IEO]M)_?M;^5OO8U7H




;:?^XBDWB13(_10!A ?OY'/


KPHO!R6RI;HI V]LUS'[96FK\5-#^''B637

MVT?V$OYP6W9W.Z*(
NUC&WS#Z=#5;X4_M
Z99_#OQ#I7Q/\ #WV7P%*(3;7?
MVQI?F$DC./+AB



]:YH?#CX
:QX?@L-8^)7V
M[1YPCM_[$OD\G;(#]X8=]SA3R1C\:SO&GB/3_VD/\?AWX:WGV;2? Z.=WE
ME_MWVN13C$^QHL&&3^)\[NV


9@&W*C/C)QOK@/CAX3U+1?%
MW@;P_H6K?:O%D_VX77[B.+;LCC=?O





M-735/.;YF\UV_P!3:IYG

Z6)

_$6IWG]F?#NR%G_PC47D6MQ]JW1+'=_=+2IME

9Y:%/'5J=XZ)



[O85K6OB#


NL7&]X_LWG6?9_DMYFYF



G)C'


MC;E_
D\^23;_ 

MM7F:17&'5N@[] -M)XD^+7PM^ GAW48/#'B'^T_$49B\W_0;J+.YT*_ZQ2G^
MKE;H:QC7ABG*FXZR36W];!1PEJ9'\+_'D6I?MK^*]
M[[R;O4Q9I;3^1YF?)


M

MFDU;_P !T^YG5A^:%/V:Z%GP;)\:-
U71/&7CK_B47LC3?:H=EG-]IVAT'*

?ZOSX3$O EDZM*.BGI_#W


8)=_P#$(F_=
K?/


M1SY9MW8PCSHMRG

MIHXN)B1]UI/N8]^U=




?NX._VK3#R6'J

MSP1;BY%^WD77/[M)H_X/



M4KI7]@8^6..2

M\2X?$FG^&_$U[\0Y_P#A
[C33:?V1IGEPZ?]A$C*LW[R#[_F%HS\WW=N!WJS










DSZ/HD7]H7FG;&MH_P#1XOEE;<W+G'W<^OTKS/QU=:?X\\ 6'P_^



M5A8UQ$HZHN=W!.#CVW]L631H?%7PM.LP^;%.-3:3[W'RV^S[ON4Z5N:3X*L?


C3)6S@(YR)/]9]:V)O%'Q8\5

MBU#[+XVTQ?\ B2R;)G\[S&::X^ZBH

M
TO26;S%_LZ&;SEE4KUB8


MK3=72

VA.D?$GX)
7N


M-0^W2?*?LP$?&X+]RNF^

MT/(V9#_ !C')P35_3OVB+ZV^*^E?$B+5

M^.VMSPW^SIXE\#^[O0/ FN?VAX4U6-5_P/2.'R'1RP_P!=(9&S([]^

M5]HDM&DDYE9G_P!:TG4_0 8KJ=%L8(_V[_$+RW7^GRF#C_:&EDCVJCXTU+PK





M;=?
/[XQ=0OOD9QULGPG^



]OXF\)?M*:[X'N!MTGP^










MMN?'QECU;R=*

M.G1JQ311_8;\53^-YO'\]Y9?8M/9=/
*^8KY 6?=R &^^G\0[\$\UYW^R9J&


?'D6B? _1_B-

M&CQY\SD





M-TAS)*/XQTYR

^:WDK)_P# ]49OV47[
XR^^*USH?PL\$^)
MKS3/[;\1^+/MPTM_M7V;[!]FF
4O*KMEW*5^\HQLXR2
=E\3$^'/CKPQ=?\


M=LG









(A=CSTU_\ UU]D

MG/3=6%\8M;B^!FGZ1X$T2P_X3B2X
[:['YYLMN#'+;GY@5?*R%?W1!'?J*[E

A^7]
MW*_F#$K/TXYKB?B5X7U'X0_ _P +^1^[T^Y6[\WY%?'^D+W9B?O3/7N-_P
$4^6^O2TM
MNJ76_;<SCAW17/3V,[]M2*SM?C!\+;Z67[5?7[:K]@^7'EA+:%9.5ZY^3KZ5
M9_:\07&B_M



M%S'%_J_+:6X:
\R
D1S#_7=T[-U\F=10]EK'^'^NOY%\TZVAQ7ASQ1;:AX



MH/$-K]BE^8W5ONMN9-[_ 'IF_P!46'/.T=?HZF85L&XRPB235]&WNNO9=NO8
M7U:C3=ZFYP/Q F^&OAGP#=W/A7P@1HK


M;MKC4=+_ &B-/TOQK\
#C73YJR-\P^;/E?\ +?:OW4DZ+_2N?#0JMPQ$96@E



M_P/GG7]T\?M_B%\-OC)%K.CIH'V7P1I/EM;S_:KAO
\XEFX;;(
2IWR.?E
MP

'S_S]
U[3X-T?QY\0_ASI


9Y066[XW87I_RT89S\N0./<?@7XDU

M\


M\1?#?CRYUVT\S1+);)8_W[#.]W3_ )9$$?

VA_$ZYUG^TM

MIGRHM@YE;S?];YG\*_B

M[D+??)'''-?08/







!OR-




7V2W
;'S

68QH-Q_;$2;O
(:Z.
M(6:0?


(?'@<Z


MF1?NMK_9I!OA4[\D+]Y

M?AWI_P#95WX9





K91X#\BYY^;FM_59KCQ


MCA74FYL\5\.^
FTCX.ZUX^^'EA]BMH?*&LGS_

M?'BV/CS]CS29I/\ 7SF7\QJ
-Y?A;I/ \/


M

=29F
W]HS+M*1QS'B-3'_JW

9GZ[4^Y$WWG;_ !==?%[Q

4O]HPKM\R)E/RI&$^[G[WIP3S582M5I4U&$;35V
MVWRO5WCK_+J[FZYJE9U.C_R/#/'WPEDL;?2=?^$7A_[3XFE63[8WVYD\K:RQ
M1?Z]]C90O]T9X]=M=AX7^$/@OPK#?:_Y'V35XC$NJ+^^EQG*P\LQ'W2/N?SS




MJM-]MN.UK]JSMVB/[@]:[G4M:L/VM=&&E:4N[Q=X6 );YAM-T0_4JL?

MM?AWQ]%^




M?-]IC$#=51OO1-U1OP[^/AH5)XERB](.U^W



5CY(;

/!GA32?^$(O]2W#79O/6]SY1
M




MCP5/F-Q$23\S1=A7IQSBMCH1HS?N].[_ *ZEU



KCX-^)+?XIW&@2:YCP
MQ8R RK]BCZO!YB\A_

R?Z1QL5'7AV/\

M?AJX\$?:-1TD+_I7]JP_
N<IU]*POA7X;TJ[_;E\<Z

M*--WC;E^:3;.Q8:=M#-^&VM:QX\\8?$%;?Q'_86B6J6!UN/^SDNOM&Z-_L_)





&Z



M7J:=8V3O?=ZVND].YC0H^[8];_9G^)7F?'#X@^#;W3/LOB6W-BEW??:M_P!J


MOC1\#Q08\;LC[-V/\ 5*__ #UB_N_CV^:QD:7M:DD^:+M9K2]EK]VWR.KE
 :O1_#CX._';4M0O-,7^T;T$'V23_2H<@J W#NIZQO]X'VP

MI^$&C^

MQT\



MPDO]GN%W;EVKQ-)&@^1&Z#\#70^+_ OACX3^%=.TKXD:/_;=JHD7PO;_ &J:




M)YAO96C^])C9AA(W*OG;V[TM \6R:G\0=3F\


LOB%^RSJ7B+3





?-GT.62
M+6K6\^)WB?0_[
\(+Y?DQ?:C/YFY_L[?
FUQB0KUC/7M7JT*RP\6I5-'?I%I
0:ZSP)XZLO_@#Q//X*U+^UH[AK7[2WEM;X_?2;.)%.<YE^[TQS


M$C7(^Z0#]S^\?PZ#QJ:]A+^/[O/VZ?S_ #W.^M[T;')^*/%GAO1_#_AO3_&/

?!GB#
MP++(^P
M]A*L7_+1B/NR/U6NG\4^)/!V@7]CHOC[0_
N]%;.G_Z=-PLZHTG^I7'W67[[

_%WB6+P]G1YEL=G^G+VFV-][G[Q-?48/&?595(4Z^[7V5









G(SCC_  _X5U/Q
MKX;TWPG\.3YOP:8RB36/

QXEAN_C[\(=,\6:&?^*NT;S(XO;S;K
MRC]_;'_JXNV?P.,\KI45[-2MWOY7V_ KVGM_=.&\8:M\)?%7Q0G\-^/KC9<













O&QLR5Q/;^3]C7_IMB)\Q&3^[C;W)&.XM;C2-'^

M\UU]I\P*TG^IRB;4


MN?UQ;K6O$%M\?I;S[#I:M)B+Y9-^4:QQD









WPA^)WQ_D\5^&-:\9?9O#=J;7Y/[.M&W[

]A:^&= \:-\5?#NBP^1J-D-)21
S?-N8OU8A?NJ_KUKORW









MT%5^S_NG811[( 5_=@[LY;FN(^&L7Q#^-U]?V/BOQ']GL+?R3G[#:_-E7=O]
M7L;[T9^\W?CO7O'PGL?!_COQAX.T_P &VOV[P9X*2]^SZAY\R?:OMD;E_P!U
M+B1-LBR+R6SC(P,Y\6O:/XN^ M_XGTO1=B!XC,?/DY_TI5'WE'H?ND_RKTL
M+F*J0='EYE=V?J]/^&^03B_;,N?F:\\&ZII'P[T76/[6T6V64:E;^1Y.?W;





M$;O4ET?XL:IH/B2_TS4-;_X2CPU-M2U7[+':?90 6;G:9'W2

M)\1OV

#:A5
M_P!*CV?90S=9EVGY2_5EZ=^WI/CKPCJWPT_9MT'X8FT_TW5S-C]_'_RSNQ./






(MQ$ @QYL:B'_4;#T ^7GG-%&-&K

M-/.\UU28[5#

?QCU_N



M8YUM6^)_PW^+%OX








_P!D$5K+




G#CY_-POR@5ROPD\/V7Q
^*#:[K7AG^S+O




?RYQGGM7T#XHCM=8^&7@R6#4?^$N\/VIOGN$\EK'A[

W$)PN<[<-C+9[CQA\.=3TWQIJ/Q(
M\::H-&^%6F^4NF#R?M!M?



8QC Z&N;N

M]_3\WY_\





&7Y
M P9

C^.OU[
MK5_YUS*+EXAY;+]V.



N1^?[
WQ6T&7QSXZU\6QU *8X39*?\
M5M)%UBF0'Y5C_A%=

NP&!HN6*EOMU_K^OF_[1K3JR5&/NGW;X1\;6/Q-M89
M;2[&H:0PS=Q^6R$]0A^Z#]Z/^'UY[5YGKW[05WXH\53:%X)7*V6WSKOR]W$D






OBMX]\

+:;\=

!%Y48A27;U0_-LYZ#K7(_$/Q'?:5K6F


M\)3IRQF)5T^O



M(_L3:_\ M.Z/+XD\5ZK_ &9I1+IP,R^: SQR?ZN9





-4\+^%?)@NO[..L?.)/(67=Y
L1Z$


%FN)K\T80U/NJ'Q):W[_VQ%_Q+K%3F^;8S%_F'E\[

MK_QYCDUS[!X8;S?

M?9UB^[)O/ 8G^(=:^?OV@(_$/B:7PS\./#8
%Q=/=%Y D;'($4Z_?91T1_XA

:FC/LSP[\7=3T[4GT_7O$'VNYNAFVA
M^RJNS8K
'G^!ESM<#LIKXC\*?\$T='T'

I^5A]WTY[5UVK:IJNA2/IEI-]J%MM_NQ?
NS&/)/0\[O:O??'[!;?#?4QK-QXV^TW))##^R?NX5

DIT*'M
(J\A^D7P^^(</B*&P2%<
M+)YGF#TP7(_A']TUD^*/BQ::;XDNM+L1_I

M'9:Y_;4\J-]L/V18/+ 5MG65\Y\Y^F.G?MY;\:OB)'X/T?5M15MNHR-&J-^\


(W2/J6'XTSZ9:V23Z#_;3O

M\9O#X\0ZQXX_X1V*4DQ1_P!E6][YY
DD;\K

U\2?'+QIJ


M_+PX7^)

MA?$;QUIW@7X=ZC_9ML/-

MD/O.P^(.AWWBBWAUK2?[(UF7?]C NI)]^(SO^ZH Q\O7U]J[GQ9X\L/!.)]5
M(6.7.SANV/0'U'6OB[PC^P?X@\$:T?$-UXW_ .$EUF
X6
:5#9_96VL&Y64A


XZ^E=/X*^(B:_NM+32<.
;OW_KG_



MG%@O]FV]IY'E
WF\JSA]RR#[V

HI_A[7O?CW5/[7N-(\F]S\LGVJ1]F59#


DO\&



9E
[ZAKGAGX



M/AC6-%\/0:']GAU0R[Y?M4DFWRT

M\^8;MN6^Z&.
?AUKX%\


M=I=M3LAC(*ES'5^%_&^@?#N&+0/#'A_[1:*H\\_:V4+D;E_UBG.=S=/2NGT?


M5_5:?M


HNSY
?.\)M_AQW;IFOER;QI\0OVA/'4GA'PGJ/E11[0_[BWYW

MN$43YN))-^-VW[Q!&










.J<T5-I
M=U+3YG=4KI*T=S[+\._%SPCXFAFTJ6V-OI
*(8R7N&W Y;^Y_LCOWKH-!\#:

M$2M]ITQ^JD]


LNE





M^+K;QEXNT47%Y]GT?13(&CV;O-\Y$/7:'&)%]^M?-%O\7?C+\=/$VK6'PDTK



M1]+U;4/'\DVUMT8$?D/P



_W=S
99#RC _P#J37G/A/X
M<_!B3Q5Y]IIFV[TXM_I'VZ^^3S(W[%B.WZ5X9\3?BA:_!NZO?$*7'VJYU@1F
MT38R;?)6.-^=KK]U_P+;T[]N=\!Z3^TN\IUFVTS_B2:ADE_MNF?\LO
'3[_







/%_K\_P#37[K'WQQ7KWP*T7XN^!_&SZCXTT_R-)^4

M/B^9M5UA?(N+K[O



M?/EW#$XS.ORJ-S[VT?X-^)/ MWX8T&S^RV!5=\'F7#8'F[QRSY'?I_A7%Z

MPC\-_PS_%VA_9[P,K?:[=\D3[VX0$=QZ5MCL)F.$FL(ZUULTIWM\CDA6C0
M?
T=G\1--^&7B#7/[5UN+[==71_=R[[I
;%5#_J^/X1]X#VSS39OAO\ #'XF


OI?6


T_3_$$



M&'6;:W59(?-DC)_YY\?
O^R:YJN#S*I-4J4N:+T^.+_&YE];5*DN9:G6^)OA



M65; 8O#5?9PJ*^VCN;QQ4:]5\ZV-+XG_  ^^$?C1HE\26#:HMWN$ WWL(CVX

$+Y]Q+GNP^^QQ]\^E?+_C'
MX]2_#FWTS0/A[%_:FI7HD^U_O_+\HIMDCXFB(.?,?ICISVH\2?'274SJ&L0
&]4^&_@WPN/A_I< GTA03*N^=<$LUP.H9
MS\['^(UA_$[XF3:MI.B:9')L@Q<Y'E[L@

M4V\$_#'2OMFKH2)#]JC3!/SCB90GW1)6N%RO





F1_KN@Y_6O(?B=\4/#O



NA:/Y:R9^TM]KNFSA6V_ZR4^K?=Q[]JQKS]GGX2^#_%S:JL!\R0_


9



M96/C+0OL6GPAVOI?M=F^0?-:/B)

M.:9+4%+N;SO

WV1_&6DG44@W&-OM=U!][

M-][.


IV
M[?
_'=[5/X4_9\^#]RLX;2O[0#;2#]JO$Z9;IO\ :O./'WQRLO -N^N^*4_X

MW3/-S#LN)


LM:DDUK3O-TSY



M]S/7GM7RV_[6GB;Q=J-]X




MYXG\
C^5W^0J..PE.\FK&%9_L=_KX9WVG7&H2;_L9E*C_2N-^[/24_WQ63XP


?=*]*^6O''[57_  J['AS3]._M#7)M

-CWG4/V3_



?K7OGQ1

WH5HT()M7ZM/\6...@Z7.SD? O[

MZ/EL


K



M
\7[Z3S//6/'*J
88+TSUKYSN/VQ/''B75/[.^&/A_%I'MWR^=;_ #!E!Z3Q






ML4W??IT\KX@HX7VT


M\0?B?HFOZ/IN@1:A]CEU83?:!]F9L,K(G.P#H.Q%?.'C3]H2'X9D^/!OA[

MKN]J];^
&N:OK?BZWTRTDV:?&&:0?+SF!'7JH/W@.F:P]OQ)@\3*E5E[3F^U
M[NMO^''B


MZ+][\.]3C

M)]G!4[N!*=V?EZ]-OO7.7'['?A?Q+XC6;0_'_P!EAR/

+@;VE!['


;AN9TY1NT?9

+3O!1_MC

FW W



STX[U%)^P3?W$:6S^
M


S]_* [5Z%;$9]@
-&;K:
M2_NQ[^AA@JV%I2=-K8YGQ)^P7X




?-T%5T7E'\SMQV)PBA

M/:WO_=B71Q.$^K\S1Y)\0OV X=4L;&S\+:S_ 



.WK7B=S\
M9OWP]L=6TS0M.\VYMC'C]_-PS
O^L4C[I'W?Q[5YV%Q'$6(]SE_P#22GCL


M (UXQ#^WKX?TZ.T&CZ($CTX
MD?M$O/F9\S[T.?O'N:^JO@Y\=H?&WPTNO$N

M3M(^(_V3P[

'--\2^(4^S6TRR?V3;_




M-_8_^+'PK





M.6:SHU
54C9_+H-5

]8K0SI_P!A'XAZ/-J
$'BSS4E6/[#)_9MN/*48\W@S
M_-E3WZ8]Z]=U;]BVX_LFS_L[Q=]B\3Q-(RWG]FJQ9MW/R&;RU^2N\^
OQ@UC







M(8/&'CG^T!;Y^R_\2J&/RLX9N8Y\G.Q.OI5%OV

M_P#B4PR8SE^T^\?
9=MI7\]MS&MBH58J?<AF^#?[1_@&--\&_$7S_#UHH^S1_P!A:<.O


B]!/Y1S$J]!VKD--









MM&Z*B@[6F\O[@/:NG^ ?[2WA3QYKRZ)X?\3[]/BP+N/[!
#RKN@RT0Q]UJ[K
MXE?&/[+XDB\/^'YL(H;?+COY8D3ADS]['W?\*XL'C
=1Q$J5-6?H14M/#QDS



'_ (E-O-TCVC_72G^^?N_CVKA_&'[7GPN^'NHR0:CXL\K6

MTYAB







MWP;.UKX
^-/]BZ6_WK

7/'][FN-\/?MT?#[5O'A%KXY^PS

PX7;MS[_A7T?XI^
$UKI
4T?A;[=92'(E_M )]QE_@V
MYXVXYQ]VL


MX7[TWD_ZD+]U1[\YJ#Q3\;]#^!^I:9K.M:A]DGU82?8+7R)#Y7DQJLG**^?O




MU5CU



9-V[^#;C9SG(QKZ+^S3\






M=

M

?F;E.
;I:HT6(AAE[!_$0P_LR:W\.[;7=


M29 +3^SKH^;YB''*IM&%*_G7T=H/Q:L_$W@FZ\16TOV94V;6&Y^LK)]UDXZ5


MO77K\?=2OO#L%WJ4O]GV2*P%S^[D\\$E#\B*N,#J#G=[5RGAW]M?X:7GB9;
M7Q=LO


P:!X6U?R[:'=M
M/V330%WL6_Y:



M]L'D21;

M'



W!X4\B(C^
5WUX8[




J%T?
MY^S?\9+O7='U



./X/]HU[;X#^(']J2R6=WJN4Y88@]=[
6V8AW'&VLS3_P!F?XD?%[QY%I_QQN_[<T6(-Y'R6L&W
)=_EM'5


\1[%4DHWVVUU%4


SPW/GVMG]B*QQHW#2E)-RLW4#&SWJYIW[
/
MQ-^-WBJ&_P#C3!O
'_'L-]O\I

H;A8OO ^V

M:\9_\(]I5Z
I+_9
=WD)\I^5$R


M0:H TVW\C2[?[$/+S+\S

4_C#3-X.=@\^Q


M7G%Y\=K_ .&^BKJ?CWQ+N$O

S<=<^U=5'X@
M_:;\?:@LUD?^$+L(]V3_ 












?PW\=ZOJO@?3?LE].8?[4N

M#_GMM^Y[=Z]:\$_M;1:EXY338KLW^FVHD^TW/DB'S
QLZ?)Y.X?
H^Z?K7M_





M/]F/Q7X5LV\3^%K_ &:A

ME?.HX9?.4[V4^64RN A_/VJEXV^

MZ[







9K$4\
O.VWYARP/DN71?C#X1\.^*M-\+:5]LTH?9%U9O/
MLXMOSAX3EV+'YR?]61[]J]
\

M88Q^]N92!M5Y6X'.



M2KCPU_PG4EKGRM7_ +2L;#SS(-W^HG&/,\GG;GO6%XK\'_ !A^+G@/4H_'






?79N_UF*]3&


-@/''\(ZUCA\SE[.<:6'24O\6_7;<U
MS*G3C.+.3_X:!^

M_3XO\ Q
;2+_69?DMWD
4/EV;=?*0_


7S?WDW\
MA



M37/
NDQD_8@.H=AU4+]Q:Z



MLI4Y4_P]

MT[4
NY^SO+7O[M]=2Y1I^V9P%Q^T5\3=8TW4[33?A%YFLLL;W]W_ 
)';\;6

M_P#?SVKNQ&:)8ERJ82

^VZ

9S_K






_=L4X8!QB0/]WUKP;X?^%?BE\ _B%X


M$V^U1V_]FF&

MD1F^L;;9AF8#]PI8Y9X^OIQP:]\TSX_?:YY0ECLM&VJ;[S-Y3KSY83_.*[37

?^L42+AU?IUSST%?/WP_
MD^

[G[ZG^*5^XZ5]E7'QE\1WNDKK&E#S+5
MB1/!F
^4/
VK\S)\V=K=/3Z5T_@3XJVE_);6$EOLNYMQ8\]1O;LH]*[\/CIY

_AS9:_X*O?L^N:EYO]O:=_HK
M?:_+FE%I^\EW*FQ7)_= ;LX.?EKI;;XP?%#5M0O--\&?!T:/XP8J9M0_X2:U


L'&5.KA%=^?_#W?W&=-1F[
M

R
8V=\\
M8X^(WQ

M'3MW]IZE_:D/_$T


M[O&]2^('Q3N+IM?LM/'_/)]S]_;C=_ W#)O'SA_O5K@\?1Q]W/+$D]KU&G

M[8Q_B5^Q=XZ^-V@VWB[QCX__ +8U^V

QEF'C2$_P!G
M9BPO5/*FWP;AWV8XP0*]5^'/[+_A[Q'KUQKWQ2 U[QEJ0C3[-EK8VHC5E7FW
MD6-M\8B/W1C&.NZJ



#^[71_P -?*QG


M

NH_#/6O)BO-HNXOL
9\LJ52+

IX$P
M7[A']W\:YU?CU%^S/867AGQ'']MT^575(]X3#!_-/
:.WWY!U?Z5Y5IOB/XA
M:#X/\7+HMQ]LMU:R-FWEVZ[#YY
G4'KN;[Q[?6O?/ G@_P#LGX66'BGQ]%]L






M?*GW%^O&:SOV@;K3OVJM/TFU\#:QY_A&%9EEC%NP'S-'MYD*2?ZR%NWX$;:C











M+E4C90


COI=F
9.55

-IX5UNUM(?*LCY/D?\ 'GS\QS_!]*GT[XR?


M+\A/
5L97YO]7M8?.%ZY_OEW1?C9\4UM;2#2OM%\N_RSY]K\IW'/1


/%VFWWB0V=I_IDGV;S/W\?4;<?P8[FIM8_:2^+Z262/9_NV\W9\]F
MW_LGTJZ.1YEAZJE2@O\ P*/^8O9=SNO@O\&U^_QPU7Q-+!LM[PQ(X+[<[;=

_''B[XH%=
\*6 BMFP\KFXCP5)0K]Y%/5?X2??M7S'KGQD


GH:\[T']J


M?P]Y!NZ1#T%;&B_M$ZQ!XHDF-I_Q




MUK3;]H+XG^6+N]M/]%;_ *;V_3_OBGB
/F_+[*-/3_%$56G[:I[8^DO''Q!?


M%M/9_N#C_EO;_P!T?]


MM?


M]#T KL/V8YK?X9_#
VUY!LO=PW+YF=Q\Z0]?F ^_[5XQI?[97Q%U*XU*=K3_




M.F&


M!UCXA6WCA[FS\F'6S9F##QMO\EL'^/C[@ZXZU\Z^%/VBKJYC\.W=[:?OKHSO









VFZLW]G^&-1$]Q\IF(M


MP7XHU^36+O)W6_\ RP](Y_[F[U[XJ2S_ &YO$%C=:!]M\(9@E
V__B:KV7CI



M=OE?N.NY=Q_NG_EF/7\*\I\1?M'R6WB/5_.\/?:K/2_)8_Z4J[?






M%OK;PC_Q3XR2?[25?X
=X
_PFO.HY?F648EVC?;M]QUU

MX/A[XUU74-3N_P#2]:V%_P!Q_P \8YU_@W?W^^*^G_B%\8=+M;ZVT^TN_P!Y






MZ;X96S$?AO[*7W!V^W
^_ XZQ'&

O



MI&.[#MNZ U^@]K\4/#\FCI*^H[I6^7=Y#^I7^Z!]XU\\:'^U'HWCS7+6\D\-

?G7KX
)<3?VQ(G'E]/
MN=J*.!S2CA)86%-V_PW?\S*2POM'674^E?B#\1(?#=Y8Z<2;9[I6\OY-V[9


M_PDFM3$8;$1Y#B/V)+^?P]XX\7VLM^([?4#9Y_T?_GG'.W]:^E?&WB_P!2



W )!S\O7'2O6/V)

?)^^.O^-8


[I'N4NOVOQD\5:?+I*;&\-ES

MN*+3P:-/N+_A?^)I-+OV*Q[Q'&
_K2W7[9FB0^!'N;WP_P#NE&&7[=)WDV_\




M%_M'TKZ+T_\ :D\
Z?XRT71['3_L%M?&8_Z^:3=LBSWB.
9_6JL?[3?@_P =


M&.BCC


M'2'V-8EY^TAX0^(DTL%IS%;XQ_Q\?Q?]LA_SSKV
QIXW.L/3H^SMR7_0YHXG




?S.K%
MU,-6?UE]3J_V5;JVT#X^'X[^/R9;(W+/Q_STO)F[ U7\2W%C\8-3^SI_JK7

M
-4ER[


#CGSN
?6.

M=^)FE6FK:WKU

39W3Z]*T9?V@OAQX9^*!^U2%-3)4!@+D\^2H[1XKOQD?;5O

Z


M'QH=$O[S
:LN/W$W_/
R=E/ZUZ&8U*F9THUYU6FMO=]#GHU\-S%;7O!%SJGA

MVC^#5TK[:?)MX\*/L]U_%)GM'[U6/Q/^&6G^+I-1@O/WLK'/[B\_YY[?[F/X


MXEZY_P6'T9?XBWWF6NW,LUIYAAH1FFF73HKSYT=KJNL3^/KJRMO#UWQI:D


+[7)],UC4_)A;:+
M)/LEPV_Y1OY7I_!]X=_K6II/[4/@/2UM_TOR6R GS/+G;.?WN<'(^]ZUXF
M%J5J.*=3DV-'#PG(?.6C_#$Q?%S0)M2D_M.UNO/
:_+'Y.V#GD

M[O&GBJW\ Z7;QV]F+A6#JJ^;C;R/8^OM7@.H:E\'6\0?VC8:_P#8KVU)WK]E



M)=-YFQ5ST4#C:.OK5?2_$GA?2]+G@7QIC2K?;Y9_LV1MH;+'GJ.HK;-LSIXG

:Y*;B_\ &._35^6-?L
G '7^$GTKJ%^/7PMU





EB([2M^1Z7\
RC^YW]*XLISF&7S]FYO\OP-\=@'7?U
MA$O[(/@W0O#OPEMI;&P^RWC0S+]JF?.RXG ZL??H!5OXBZE;^-I'%GIGF75

VX!VQUY[FNH\)_%3X6?




MZUS263Q2!X&2.7




MMXO\_38








MSZG7B
'1E+GAL=/\_ACH&A_#BPFM])^S-*SF3_2I7Z3OCJQ]3TKCO'V$S7
M$.G:?YLZ;


@/2IO


O1_&4_A+Q5?PV-W=_OE+ALI<+P5..X]#7CY9C:N%FO:P=_,Z\PPU+$0C*&Q
M\T_L'?CPR9M6U?[-_:6J*(C?O(_+)$ZM_$%.59NOI7T9\0/^CP:H;O1M(
M^T^*.P^U

ML9HE/VL?8I)/-R5:/[I&
;%^[Z\]JMWFJW7@'0]-TSPA?D1
9LW'V4



QSTKXY^










MO4=5NM7UKQC)IVHW1T?PG:M&4 2.?S]R*Q^Z!(N)





MV






:]3$SK8J.C-*-*'U



$(^[7GOB/X!V6@ZS::QH2[ODD&WS&7^#8/O2$'KZ5
MO@
TJJBZ=;=[-JS?S

9



]NE3/





G6PVGE6']P5]F:SX!T^









_P (*M]QB/3[V/;O




+#V6A\$?&'0



M*

MS\)_?QP^.$X^(=KYT3!2(LR#S(#GF%UQ_JQUSUX[U]^WWPST+4O#]OH ;;
W5I]L:9@89=ZKG%3T8_P!\

M\;WQ!;BQT:RYMU\R-O
W^]UQ)<0;0D\NWYHY2#UCZ8Z=Z]N^,7P*LO&GA_7M+LH/^)?KYM_M#^9C
M[/Y#*Z=7#'+*/ND=.<\5#X5T_7OAOXL-(\%P_VQ'IZ.9QYD< &^5G'
V\M\
\ZUH\W]BZ!J'EZ+&0WE;%?&664\MS]XMWKTK7_ !'XBU<O

.QW!S




M3M5&+I)

ZG\1:O*X:ZU
MAH %V8V&+



H8VI-]KNUW<;6.WSMOW
M6/;O6-X;^%NI^$_&%A?Z]:?9EM%;[-+YZO\ :
Q%6^XQVXROWNN[CO7JOC27



MAB&QFR796;[KJ.P]:XK]GOX9ZC\#X]5DUC][)
(/(^[%G:LBGH[9_P!8.N*Z


.]<[\4O@KJOCOQA/<YZ*Y#8^7LB'L^




MS1@





MOXW/+PE&

MX3^-^EZGXI^(5AY]Z@AV'SYHNCR1'_52J#\L

+'5(9
M/*U#3XY4*[)!DO&







MO+

M2?\ EIZ5UY5G'U6B_81M7=[
YZ^%C[?G








\V-(VYW#&


\+V:MLRS;
(THT\%/DH=%:+]?

AM$V*NS

'[3?[
M2G]@ZL^RVM64LVS=UL]_]X'_ )8U]A^(OA+/P);Z)9WIO;S33
WDF+YII1

_B?+XENC\\GEE_P ('7^\?[]=F6XJ.'P
ZM*O^^5[



7
.I6/_(*MPOG_ .K[
ML%'WN?X#TJ;XS_Z]\47EO=6Y_T6/.\?+W^K#T/2O
P^;5
=54\PES2[VM\

/^L[F5&^Y+'_SQ7JM?5W@O


MKVKWO38/$/Q8U33=:NX_LV@V8D\AO

O$%


MCZ9!!:?\A'Q



MAZLNKZEMDG






M


MCQN9O*L-'^T&]_=[LB6%(TZ.6^\?X5;\*]AU[XCZ?XPFM]
\'7^R[OA(DP\A

<\=#7D'B_]@G6K#0+O7K/Q<#XHXP1I

);W2Q
6P%X
IA*_PL&.QZ9_OHZE:

M

*HCI?C:W+^0G[
M^7&6

M=T^=UVR;U.[C&






M@7X/^

M]N9_\#\3@G)QJ-D^F:AXE^ GQ*_X4M\
+ WNCR E#YL*A 8&NS_KP6.6F?H_


MU[Q$VZ-3[5\94H?5I.EV/H:-3VT%/N.7IBEHHK
VBBB@ HHHH **** BBB

-[&




LVBCX9O



OS'!RIU*.:.]5J/+:W1N7IS7?\ F95ISI*R






Z9^V!HWQ^ATZ/3-.%M


3_%


5

M9UJLOJ^JC=)76Z\_GL9P;DKLY?P3KO@SQ+X1U'QI\%_$G]E^)?#QB?54^P32





MOAC[3XEG+$_\3&Z3.)%SPJ

M&C_ _P )^-M

.EQ?#0:M]
MEEN%*77^B
VX!A
G\#[J?PGOTK0G_:\E\4^!93XB\&_8K;:S-_:1;?LD.[


M-]]K8  _-& T6QU4\]=W'W37

?NQQ










MGWO;?R3=OFS7$1]C4=0^@M2^/7A/0;JXM[WQCCR N^+^RYCV_O*IKB=6_:\T
M2:;R]!LO[?9
C'GR6N/3[\1SGGZ8]Z\


MX


M;82I8X+IOLV/S\CGM3;?XP_&+39B]]X7^U0R?ZO_ (F-JG3KP%/J*\^^+OP

MM:'_ (F4*=&;'!8^M9X')\#BXMM127]Z7_R1/UIGTV_[2VOZ2T USP!L\S.R





Y[5H6O@G5O%VN
VA_%#^W;2




TIP?W<+[!MC

M*/ 7PM\3:5?:WK'_  D(E$RAO)N+7[JLI&$=O[P7M]SOV\P^&O[+NL:/\3-3
FJ_P#1^*F68WQ^S?9/(*G[2A^9 C;X\GAQC'N*L?%9_A;X3T?1_#GQ LV





M^7KLS_%7SOK_ 


M7*9SVW

M\(^
K@3CPS_8H?G^T/MLUUC/^P5&
]/?=7C?V9CY)UJ3T];_ )G=]:YZOLSU
MOX_^)+KP''I=OI6E?V?/J8F
4WVI9?.\KRVZ






MV7Z[F%*A457ALSUZR\5^&)/#:?$K2]7#:'(A,:UD0$B4P%-^S=_K#C[GZ8












-O@A<-Y%[I





M7OM-T32O
UN$1FXC^UZ@NS+
RC+NB'Y(VZ&MLT5%N-6E4?R
Y1]E4]@6/^$J



MW6/7G'%?-GB[0_B3XH^

7\



M?Z1ZN%PN&K4O:DOQ)G^'?@_Q]::-H_A__A)_B/II)FA^U3V?V;S(T;.7S$=T
M+-T)QMYY)JK#\%_B'XVTN./6G_X1G5EP(8/]'N^I+/\ 


MEX@_L_Q! L:VZ_8;5_M*?
&Y9B%PI/7KN]J^R?V@+'3KS3?!UEXRT7^U-=D:




?S#S




/[*O?O
!_=[
MPJQZ1#^]ZFNB4

WX8]]G&






ML/V3=)U1MTF]@G\0QL[[N.6TO3[GQY\;O^$&\409\*Z7M:WARO\ RUM1
W*-


MIM
WR8S;B6Z7JSK]X




MYOG?:LY/_+2+I_WUGK[5AA


&?V
M8+_4$OKO4/-D3G_4ZEQE5]/H*J^-OB=X@^'MBY\0:Y]O6\Q]F_T&+9M9=W^








MPL .K??ZYXZ&J?CKPG?Z=HNEZM\3O ?_  DES9-(HNO[:CM=NYE7[L+'.Y=@
M_'WKR;PS:^+=9^
FE:A)X\_X2G^U#)_;
/\ 9
=K_9FR%E@_ZZ^;G_EGTQS]
MX5ZIX6T7QUX#\=7VK:+\2_\ A(-#C\CS=-_L2&UVEHRB_O9
L=TCD\ U[N(K

M?O2R[L^66X(ZUR7Q(\(?#+PO=67AW0?#?]KWUD7!M_M]Y%Y6_P MSRY*\KN[


]25##*-SS*^^$WC




MK6.C_LYZE=H(;OI_K?W&I=^G7CUZ5MWGP?\ @WKJA-+U7[(GO:WC;O\ OMA^


7%Y8-IOB3$
.[
MS(OL4P\S.





)O$D5AH?@/\


WVMZ;X0/]B65FD&3BWFV[UB[2)G[S/WKTZ&+QTZ
MCI1;F^[=D5B)T


HL0XRI*K#8C\_ /Q/I]U8ZY-X7\N]MO
V+

#C?

ZQ





^T

_7VF9N?78)L?G7+Z+\2AX4TRWD^'/A


M9;8.






48^W?VO;)@EEX\H?-
M]\;



MD?+?Q;55O]%X'EF7^)


M'RS

M^)/QPUKPCJWB'6;_ /X0V&W
$=LOEV-]OS-Y;]%!X8=\]:[\-CLQJTE.:U?6
MZ7_DJW./&8?+(U+\W_I15TBS\.^'OB-=6.O_  W_ + O8F7SK_\ MMKC[3B$


M=-5_LK5[M9F


?PS^%VO:U+IDS?V



MQ_SZ2-C_ 
C5I3?$?QUXJLE3P[H?]FV]N6#R?:H9O
W




M*;FO
=

KGQ5JL/\ Q27_ !
4\S_E^[E?]T#M7'@WF]G-







IXO,Z=1TQ?GP!\*^/M<\0:[X9\0;)[4P&^M?L4P\PNAB0;Y)0!C8_W?
M7GM6YI_[$MUHWVJ6S\6?\(VET8_.7^S5O/
*MA.LV1@MV]:KP^']*^-6L
]U


_P[=N-G?/7MSGQ
3F&9SGR6T_[=\NKW_I'HR^'F/'M6\!^#%O9M!\


MOMW/E[B:]5_X6QK\5TUKX.^&?V.!?OWG]OQOG^Z=DR?[W0_7M7+Z_P#M(?$S
U/0/[$FTA?W=Y]JDE\[SGPYPK(JX=P?O=L<

S=Z\3$X_
*=9RVY?\+.J%/V=*




M:_(Y

M^.![_P#$J_+_ );?6N5L?A[X'TN[N/(T[^SRVW/[^:7?C/JQQC/ZUO6NCZ!:

=92!]X


M/C_6_4UU_P!H9SAJ#NM/^W2^6C7(9?V-=:COK9;?4REL _FM]G3D\;/O39^]
,M-2ZL/'?_

M8

M\Z]C'ULQE-Z=K:_9O\ =8=IQ]PQA^QWJEP+.?1X]PFW?:;_ '+'YG3;^Z,H
MQMRP_FZE^S+IWP]N([_ 


M\


?







?\

_UQ_\ %UZ


V[?]CKQ#8J1=:C_:!?[G[B./9CK_ 



MB++;3OC7;T_Z;?YQ6RG[)_BFUORUM^ZM

MH%[_ 

M]^

H1N;5
-A5&YX7?_ F;3_%4=C'XT_L*\NB08_['



(/O_PLW8/;C9[U[3I?BCXT:QM%GH7]CVT(
M'_+U9W'!_7C'ZUZ6)Q6/PJ4X\J;_ ,)R4:/-*T-CSC4_V4=:TRWEF?5?[CE
M&9U\A;C[41]S_EJ2FUC_  ]=WM7F

;&4K]

MU^XY

O#)@


I^M?ML
M6]OKTGAW5OA=]DL[S_C]G_M]GR(X]Z':D+-]X=B/QKJO'WP:M]-\&0^)_A3=





M3\H^Y_QZ_CT?Z5GW'[)?C'S0]S_[1_H]=]JI^)?B!HW\2ZZ=%A7/V7_1;6?S
M


BC.?Z5C:E^ROXW^W(;3PJ%C!.6






M1X5^
WE0Z3KG^GQ;OW/V69N3ANI4#_EG54\=BZ52
YVY9?\ #'!.@XX6
UOK


;F!PRG=GS#]-OO6G
MXH\1?&+Q!;Q1:@O_  CEA-R9/]!N]H#*W8 CIZ\UT8Z=:-;GI\O+I:[\NQ6%

MV#9\U.H&-O'4UG^%_P!K*#QCX7E$7PY(TU/^6G]MR=V;;QY0/W@.YJ7.OB']




_P#MH&-G+2@Q


MD^]\N/\ CW]_]NJ4G[+_ 

&Q_9C^)=O%






M^?



MTW+][UX[TW3;&\UBY


^ZQ7A3W]:Q['

MD_Z;%]JO+#[/_%%P5*/N1Q]SIMYZBH9/VJOA+%J$6B^
=_L SA@J^??76 J
MDM_JTXZ+UZ_A7L4YUW'VL*=X]]/\[GL/.5:US=@^%GQ3D^RVVD:H9-*O0WG

?FF\ZWZ[5;IO_VJ[GQ;\.M;\(Z+

=$^T0D

MN?$7V%).EK_9T
OFX[;P_P N

MW?\ E4&IR-\;M475M&MOMI4L9'WX^RY4J.&4;L[#T_NU[CHOQ T7X6:&L/B+

MA'X^M9+FXU[Q)FYNMOE6_P!AMT\O&=PW(_S=1UZ8]ZLW/P9^)]RN=
F^U#_M


M\=WM6Q/\
_B=-9XAS?G'I:C^;\5W\?Q7^+6CR+Y7AS_A*T?K)]KM;3[/CV*?

M1]ONAU_TZUB^G!?'Y5WGQVU[PA^T!9V




M25^B-*U&:CR(\AU36O$7VFWF7Q)_9LL)82-]DAF\PG&.#PN
'IUS[5O6?A/X


.IQ7^S0^;_X<PP^'G?E9RT?PO^*EK<(9=-_LZ2'_ (^/




M?LD*=?=F&*O0_'7X+:)H(O\ 0;7_ (2+PY:_/]JWWEKY6Z3GATW/EF?Z8]Z[
M;X;ZA\

^^.







KCCZ[O:KVC?M



MV'=?:'7_ (^1Y%K'MS]WD]?XORJWI^B_&&ZF/V_H




?S-9%]JGQ3FFRO1.



#1=:^)S:2Z+-Y
M1P
_);MGK7-7&I?$VWFG
EW]_I^XMZ[CPW\3OB='K5S%#+_PE\9*[_\ CWLO


MMS0PJL^^J*^JR?OGEM]XN^

MQ
UZY:-=3\JX!_X]_)MCGVW=#TKT?X=_'7P[X(T^WM?$?B_??W.X1V_]G2'S


MMW5J8G%SITJ27+:Z6RT1SU\/-HY34[_XK:.]FNN2_P!CP'=Y$GEVLWGXQNXC
M^[CY?O==W'0UD:CXC\6ZM)Y%IXB_T@?].

7C3[6+
MX9L;;^RMOV?9Q+\]LQW[LQGY@


MO?%.&

MZ3[OISVKN9_CM#'X%74H_P#C_P!N2
]]^/\ GF1_*O(=6K)\^'@3A
+.]SY_
MO-6^



?

$A;W5_


MZ86?_P 14T7Q#^)D!)N-1


176_YO+L[




M?M_^$CN+/:9H]\UIM\Q5V?ZR'#9![$XQSU%8.GZEXZ_:4MY7F@_X1;0TY'[Z











MP[]A^T)XBC^$?Q*UGQ!XAU@V'@SQB(?



OEN?M0E0G_5#:B[(TV\YS[8Y



MS^(VM?VKXHL ?LMG]E:/[*)8A#*-\/[J3=$4^\IQM]2U=Q:ZMXI^&7@6^UX6



M=


GC^'&1^=:'W*^
M)Q%9UZCJ25K]CZ.C3]C!0[#Z*:K;J=7.;!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

MA*:[T72/[48;?

;F%A
M(/WD4?WAFO?VA/B!H'BC]G_ $WP58^#L^(-=\PPZA_:#)S!=1NPVL GW<KS

M?GW5QYC* ;WY9'\M
)G_ %G7/R?

ML5Y\B

M^\3UXQSGYZI1GBJLL;%-SEN^EEHN7SLCHPJ]F^8])UOXC_ GX5^#M=BL8_MF


VBM

M_

5[N
\GE7G%J%(QL






M+[5_U:D]66N/

^W7=]M$







_#
M7PWJ?B_P+?\ @GQ9_P 7+LQ?F[D^P2_
&CF2/_6OY/\ J0W3GTYQ7U+H^M_!
M3P1XDUW78_$7G^)K
VW]J#[-?+D%/*A^\6C_ -41]P'IZYKLQSPU[X=6@]E:




(/H^S:99!O)MO+5?[&#80MF7YI
M_-96;I\NS%?./B*REM_'47B?XCR?\)SH4?&/^/'R@8EB/^H^9OF
;=./+]Z^

M/G



MP?Q!I4\]PM&]&&&E&HMY7?RTV^XNI'VWO]SXP_9YUK]FO5M!CTS5=
_LW6G+


M;





=
2'QSX7^V$@^7)]MACQC
M#
/W:G.=ZCGU^M?9VD_LOZ9?6%YI'@KQO_9=J/+^TP_V.T^0&W)S+*
8VMT]




_T+Q7R&.R1MV?D^ZTHC_U8/05X]^T))^S


1A.OKZ[JZ\)+!U
*L3@8N

M](\'^$/%UKJ&B?$'3_L1/EM=W7F3'S_F\R/]W P88(C^XW?GC-6KZWE^+5II



MZKIEW_9.J-YQTC3?+
GVH&U*3G+?)'M0EOFY/X50O-(\8+\9+O7?B@?-L_W?



MWS!'2W/FW'S_ .L
S?)_?^;BB2_^&NK:YJ&M_L\:3_;_ 



MNI
F2/R)+[S




^.-'^.'B'2;[7H]5\-?\)EHEN+9H_\
M34L?LFY0S\[-S;F/?IL]Z]J^#'[63:Y




M/DH/^!;O]FJ=II-]\/=3:T\1:?\ \(UI\A!BN_.6YSCYW_=)N(VLV/F(SCC.







ML?\ JTSB




MAFS_ +$
W$T9DN+KS




MGXR\=^'M+FO;'PY]JM;;;F;^T;9


MN



MSZ=_PBCPAPL/VJ.[\[Y?(88WQ


M1A&/]SG?CU[UY53^T\EK+$3=^56UMM^9T1YL2KS5DSS[P7^RQX3OK-;W6-%_



56E6QU6]

^]MSLR?





MQ'Z







M'\LF]2K=.



?PC\3_ !(_::NM


LPD\A8?^6CMVW'_ );=SVK:IF]*ABXS
MRVII_+:WXD_4JE3^
?&?PS^

3Y


?Q8^)]AX=\W[!?L\

GP




M9/E=1YN_Y^A^7R_]JN7^!G[%NFV^ER7^K^&O^$I$W!A^W-:_9_E?)XFYZ_I7

M*HNRLG^&I#H2IZ(YSP[^T5I?QHAU'3;/3O\ A*_#VFE/[4M/.:Q\L2;O)&[8




MGAZUZV6)QC'H_/O?SU[V+=6T5$].A\6:]HLE[X)UB]_X5KXCLRO]DV(@CU?;



![;Q%IWAGXE6

/VAKRZ^!K00Q[]9F!W-_=V
MW1/]S9_JQZUS/#XE5TL

_%G]G^$)&B\S2O

8KI
M'Q'&6^[QT_AI5)SC'V=)\T7=7VYK6=N6^G+MS6ULC<Y?Q7H.BZ:FF:)XK\5

MF6N[3[_S#=WV)#]K\MOE&QD;R]F]D^7&=OL*\JU?]HZ[^(^O1:;X&B^PNQ;S


M^U0?$#]C*ROK6V@\(Q?8 P;?+_K?[N.)9N._W?Q[5Z6%S+)XQC3DK/74YYX?
M$U*IPNN?L@^)_%_AG3Y;_P 1?VKJ


M]?6O$/CY\0M)TGQ!HOB[5[#^R+Z$3-9-Y\DGF@K%%)]U

Y
MZ6

9]J/E;)!M784VM%CYAS^!KZ&^&_[-/AV

M_LN#)G[R?O

7P1^
/BS5$N=.\5?\ $O&[-C_9UBN!M0#]XSYX


Y6Q_LN


MRVT^[YC]G77OQW

/%-A/I^D_\(-XKG

MJ+\[./GR


ML3?V9H6QI_



OBEX!T/3D\(^#-*_X61JRMF2/
?\
/BJ%7+Y.5/$<RZ/;;OK?RZ^97MJ..T/.?#OPIT'X@:II.G^)_

M%?
@
83 



MVH0_$#QI9^$?%OAC_A

MXE96_B^[S@9SNVK7%WXNF\::Y=D^&XV7^PM+PO)$7E7'[R/]X?WJJ_[Q?IQ6

[*_((79CUKF/


M:


R.


$*(;


T?[M5V\8?_ %3_ .TO

M;:\^U 8%_P#N[Q=ORCR^O'*Y^[Z?2OC_ .


\8^#_#7@WQM=W_ (TU0QZ,@C6TM_(DD\WY C?ZDEAAC%UZYKY.
M\3?6/QI\3$\0?^]_LZW7/F/Y#2<F (ORW##N):VO#O[15E\8-?L;?Q=IGV
M[6]W+I\/VAH?

JDR?-'$ /N)US[=Z^SO#/Q0T_Q#I0T'7O#W]C1$@10_VB






_MRW@=#=6?]G^1@MN'W[GKN_?GCU^E<;I_PPOH/Q4OK+
MQ/X=U3_A[ZPWLD_D-?^:SJ8_NM




MDMP[Q=X

M_B95M1JNJ_


Z]=?$#PYIHT[0?


M?ZLYB80?\ S_ !5!X\M]4\(ZQH?A?XF^/O[5U*_\_P#L'1_[(6W^W;%#W(\^




L1AJ
MC@GNI;=B_K
Z?0^Z-/U2ZTJS\71R7H*:=]C\Z+R0^_S&P.3]W\.:\N7]F7PM
MX1TV+4?@C9_V2FJ$?;KGS)9]YB.(ODN93C 

M;RUE7
5KY$+?: /W;_/'PF !][KGCH:U]&_:4\;_  5T672/B7:_V5INK.HL
MYO.BFSY9S

GQD).I[5-^77O]P1Q?MWR
W_ -ISP;X

MM:C^(GV:4N^W3/['M7V@2NH&\L!]U5^[7M?P6NOA7X'\'V
UY=^=J%PI%U\E


M3TY[5P//


MGQ(\;:EJECXLE^TZ7

M%AK'A*7_ (5AXHS(++5\S:O]J^79*/*F?9'MCW)T^;S-W\-4/&&F_$;P%XS@




QN\WR]=^SJ%KS(X:@I.IA7S+]/Z\GMT.J



V1)$(;S_ %2M*
3;/]:IZ_+QFNO^/WQL\&:U
MH.E[CG4+@2I;\2=I8D?JJCHJ]0**?O+V')?FZ]K;?=^93*LOAZ_^'_BC3_A_



M
L26NIO
CNO.

T/\ A\5F:._Z

GC+_A(IM-=C%XD_LN6#^QVFQ$3]G4



M 

MY=TV=[DK_KY4 _U;]


MYF&$@_ZNS7[RO_LC/^KIU\KS*--.
N:'1F\


M*HA*WOVJY;=@&1CL$I88;/7UKYR\'_&'Q_X/^(5MXJELO[6T/30YU7]];IY1
MDA

:H!






 9=W[@*6GWL3'S]SR\]ZP(_BQI?CKP$6UKPS_
M &WI

C_1D3=]Y5C^7KU_BKDO!_QNUJUU2W_X32P_X5]X\0M_
M9UW]HCU/^UR5)E_=PIY=OY



M\S'_ %:CISD=.B^_P#PK[3=%;P;H$YNX S-Y=RF_F28'$G3&X_YVU\^Z;\



&3]YMQYC.GWILK]T2= ?Y5M6^BFW\8ZC\5/A9J

M=
GSY$7F1ZWN\OG_4X9=K+'V'W\?PUZU/,IJC]7MH_UUM;T_P&
WN;.D^.








M
'V][X$
)O^$7\4Q@'3Q_9WVO[46E::7[L
M05-J@=3SNXZ&O4_@3\,_AW\+7M-2US5O[<\87&\QL+6XM\$;P?NDQ\QR#KCI
M7-B,QK0YL-C9<TXV_=VWOMKZ'?#!TJL$H[GFN@^%_BOK$TC^*/&?VC6KHKF/
M^RK6/;M&X<QL%.5]?3UW5UUQK/Q+^$]K&VHZC]JL).G[BUBX[]-Q/\ K?:N




R
@_=Y;]WC[_

 UB:=\2IOBO\1!XQ^(U@=&

O5IU'5J1L]VD_G\V^ILU9EG





M49/F)Q_MUQFN?$K7-6O1HUMH'VB^LL_Z/]NC'V$-\Y&2F)-ZJR\]





IM_
M]*M9_
WJ%;I$



:GF+9^5NR^<JBYW;=W4_AFH-:
M_;=O+X'2_#'ATZ-'$P\[4_MRS^3E@Z_NY(?FW89.#_']*^;?''P*_P%M:NN
MKW_CC_A
M196VQ?V:+/;^[ 8YWHIRJG_ +Y]ZY\O5/'8BI4G%0D^NO;[ON-H


M'%XS\*?\(]XCCXM_&W]I0S;LLBD_8X_E7Y3'!SUSN[5XE8_#WXX?2ULW=#X
MITU_,%MX=WV-ET;:P^TAV88=Q)[^5CO7?_!K]HR;QAJ3:-IWBS_A7/B.)LR^
M/[+;5
R,2-\H.<\XP*V=*^*'Q#U36H_!-MH!\ :G:
MC+R?:H=0W;D:=1C9M7ILX/._P!A7G5:LZE5JC'EI/97^_Y7N%V]3+TNQN-'





MGK71]6^MJZW?I^:T1A3CR.YZ;=^
_BW\1/#



M]J1R[L*I^YY/?&/^!5Z]\&?C1XL^]KIGA#Q;\./LLF)=E__ &O&V[O*W[N

)4J
9&?-$JHL?^M=\8WR?='?GM7-^-?^A7B72]+;2+/
MPW]IU9T59/[2A3YD
;=#;D?K5X;!XZM!O+5^Z3T6FGWZA:
M9;GTUJ'PELO



^


M#))TP\C=&4_\\V_O^M=%3-Z
-Q;_@-=E'*J6)PRO/DD_/_ (*,
M9XB=.=CZPT#4/B;X4U635-<\=?\ 7:(H_Y ']EV=@I1A]H0%^7=7YZ[<?
MQ5Q7PV\=1/J&K00K_P (_H$GEQ_\(F'\_)\M@3]JP''[S]Y_X[7D$_[3=QX*




CY2:CNO$6J?$'1SXHUV#^R
/]6^(GF^$

JH\W?\A^7





Y]JYS7/V47\*_



\36*[+?3R_R_N^!*NS_GEG
GK6=\'_P!K.X^*CZQXEN/).M1YMX/+SYODPNC_
(^&_C?=_;I/#<&C_VRVC[-ES]J\K<907;YGR

M86\N9MP+'=P'8CYI#U]:X/7OVX? &N)/H.E:QMO 0
_99FY+!Q]Z''ZUIB
P
MP6(G'#T*?

M]G&:VO#.D^)?5K)?^_%!\;6YV[[

M




$_U9;H#



(K@7
G5V63*MW
M?C;[X&_H?Q\_L_Q#'X;T[PK_ &E\3YE;R[+^T/*\\!2[?.4\I=L)+X)YV?WJ





N=%Q?B(WA?X@W

5ZG^R?\:O W

MXATH['':U^WD=66VTNQ\






M8K



M[0=[\0OA*^G^ +3^T=7M0?M

I7^S[?[/
GEX1?
^9


MA\QQ
W0PRA![-R=OQ

M?--PFSYC\O7//05JS?'+Q9\+4^R:YX
_T9B/+O?[4CZ!@3^[1&/&\#DC[M?&










MW+-]G_UIRYQ(Q?[IQTXQ7H/Q
GT?X0ZPOB:/6!I^IW(_TVS^S-)]LPJQI^\.

M



)YMFA^.+W^Q[DY

M$8]QGR\]ZQ-6G\::Y$+GQ-K_ /P@UA)D1V?V&WU/?CY7^=?F3YAGD?-YF*\L
M\3?M:1\+?/\-+I7_'I/_J-%\YKS^T OSO^^V-Y?E*V_#$9SM_AKAWU;]H;





^%_V<_'P'C;5SJ6QW


_L^^Z_;/.FFR?]

MS4/$;Z_H-S]OLW(V:9LM4VC:$^_(^1CKP/X?I7M8/#O'TDZ$%1CTO):_?K]Y
ME)UJ=2R/K33_ !%X]\

MTQ[T_4/C/I_B)X==M])^SZM#E?\ CZ9MHXCS@IL^X#7R^O[0^J^ K[2KWQC\



=?WW^N


M^S['B_BSX8_VGXV\;:QXIM#K#7(LFCT7S/(^V[8PK?OHO]7MPK?[73J37!^-
MM
\
^)/!RZ#I%I_PC

/Y=CF%OLVX[OO2Q!FW-N;OUKQ

M+/PW^&VGC3]-F\X3[O

#C)Q]WMR/
,+7;/)Y(1OW?'S/N^XP'I6H
MOQ^*7P-^)T5GJT/GZ-J@<K^\M5QY<8<?=1VZR+WJO\ $+_@H!X:\2K?^%+:

%WYT*_9-LRL_R3
4?='YG7IMXY(KS#2]3UQ;S3]#\=:E_

MDGKY.5P&/US[5ZYXR^/&O:AX)M]9^&7@_P#X2#6;L


]?XJ[/P3^R7-\1M8?Q;\39O^$H\5S-Q;X6U_LK!

M


=N/DU;^VYD

M(.GRYS5ZP\+7/B!3=_#_ 
2?\)-!']_3_L*V.P'Y/ORD



M:L^9'UJOQ\ATBQG\(^-+;R-;O-GV/2/



MWBW4=._LJVT-XO(8R7$OF^=&8I/ERFW'ECKNSGMCG9\+:AX5\)^+AX?^)D?V



MF\9?LKV$$MUYNIW2

6 ' _BS4?Q&T_5/BM\/= \+Z+K']@^



MSW_VJ2/)DB$@/EQKL'RJO\3?AW]#_:LU:UD71-$_M3[/
OFB*'R&ER/W+MSV


MX1TM@;R7[.+KSO
*



?

J\.N\XD!_B7KW[
M=/\ #_Q7JNC^)-*_LG7?MOA'4?/$I^PQQ;!$KE?OKYARX/3'2L[]M#X0W'Q'
MTZT\3+XF%II&G^8 !:[\%WA3^^&_UD7I7KX!49YW&./EIK^6GXG-3E[:@IKJ








MG7O![;4/^FVD&SJW=V?EW/?M6?X]\6:-\-/$=UI_B?PYY/C&T*M'J?VV3_30
M\:%CY**T

M.D__  D*G;D





D6-YY/2J\/VEIN?]53
M$&DI/'9HES()9P/F.Q5/4]@2*NU4M(8H;FX
?WVV[OUJW0 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 4K^-O.@E\S;'&3N7US@#

V

MN?+PP3JTA;[Q?TK.O/@7\-]-^&#:Y=ZA_:FK+MVW'DW
6?WP1NC[3QGK7Z%E






ML?Z)KGQNLO$7B:3^UID$FQ_FBRQMEC;Y8Y1ZKU'T[UF?MS:7J?AN]TO6!J&S

M^(10_(K-+_KY5^XI]^*P_BEXXT+]J[4M)URWO?\ BE+59G\OR)1NW!5'++&_


MJ?F[#;G[S\4Z?I/CK3S;ZO:_:-''!E\Z4?Q(!PI#??7OZ5\-?&+3?#/B+Q'X

MTQ(FN/.C&0FWY64O\ ?)Z5\]CXU
;]5H8-V2O]^E_Q/3O\1R=G\/;GP7HU
_[.FQ5V L%;EF+GYF/7TKOOA#X3\&7.A6.O2KG727

MN*\=_P=6I/JNF^+G%]]KTYELS$FS;Y8S=E^=H)RP/7TKVKQW\/=*\#Z[!X



D7

M;I-KMS;?\




W[
MQFR?(

MA6^*P

M@/\ HY=?W6



 NT^?#'QSZ\FOH<-FV8QI/5:/[CH[I;[GE\[I14.QQ=U:_ KQAX0L(X]






M&(M/PJP_V':]9 $/+/G[V[K6'X-\'_''X'W[WML__1IJ!4E?]#M=NS*_PU


M4;KGKV[^1:YXV^



:BFZBOTNXM6_4ZXXR











MA+6FA\K6=.2]^TZ7^[Y



MVAT:'SI%^R!XE
_

O?^)(WW;?[%#U$

M^R_91NX.[K)OY/MCWKBO&W[.W@[XJ6\D_P#9_P!FU102G[^:3[WWOO.JCY0?


M_9F^+'POL9KBUU'[/#(











M:I:L=Z_89KGS=\R
O\**


MF3I=!FZ;A]USUQ7+^#?V!=_LZ%/'6J?9M0E'^C+Y$DF[83NYAN!\JQ]0.O

QY=0R_




NV3=EU95PDC


I[JP\9-_P )9XDAPUW=*XL]Y*,5&R-VC_U;(ORXSLR
M<ECCBM+\/VGA_P #RZ=X7E_X3NV)VMX1\G[!M DW!OM;\]S/QUVX_BKS7XE^
M-=#^'P_TF'P<G]IZC;F5;OQ9NFA_LO=<(4_T213]H\T2-!QC9C)ZBO7_A)I
MVF_'3Q*+GQ#-_P )O=1+E?$_SV/E%D8$_95V@[A$8_FS]S/&XUWTL'BL/3^M




/G4=3WKYKD_8Q^(G@?Q$/$6@:A_:@



7]AQR[L
M6^P\[_-&)2W;O7AGQI^.OC3X;^/!!\

M[5IZ3_P3HM=%M3+K'B?^T-*3&V+^SBOEENG







M??\ X?\ 3\R(U/9_N^Q[+J'A^Q2QMO#/Q)BQX:U!'-G+\P\P#$DQQ;
&'SM'
M]XGKQQNJQ\ ?#]Y\.?%4ND^*S_Q/YR2G3[RI)(W^KW+T9.N!]37%:EJ'P\\


M'S=/ODX5/ZURT
3A\5[U6%XL(PQU)M4_A


M?_J/HG7\.]?


M[
?F)[BO3_ ?[*MYX/MIK:?Q+]JU%@F%_LU4Z;MW(E*_=)ZBO


MTW#R HYFB!_A;I^/:N%87.)VC&B^NL=?Q.FH]3UKPU\:_B7\/_ (B7^F_$



\/V%9L#;A1DR@?= Z5K4R.K42GB4H

M]!WKYI\/?MF?M$^(_$

OT\GV]:]


MMTEX^Z7KKHX7)\'&T$ZL_2R7WG+[3VAX?)\#?BI\5O$ED/&.M_;-/DW?Z+]E





\ I\
=6L=2EM#=_%?7MZM-YY'V/R%('RKNMY

7GQ7U

MW5B:3XZL=#TGQO?O=9\:ZPMC]L?RWDB A4XVF)LQ$]#QSVKF_CIXHT_P


FCZ;!]GOX-N)?.7G=.S



-6E-SCL?$VKR?M ? 6WGT[3Y?M.




M5O$?QL\=G3)=:_XII3_ID/V6-O
'E
\?(4.


9.F

M7^U89_M&!NE_Y8[4PKC[W7=QT-.\+_MN?\)/I%]HGQ.TK^P+^
Q^3^_^T[OF

MQXXM?&=SX:T[Q!]@^'J[6#_9+=L
T;





M/G+PP'S\YKUCQ!J6B?#OP_IO@KQ7J6#)YIT/5/L\R[P&$]Q^YC!X5@O[QO



D




9SGY< 5@_#_XV:3\5+7_ (2OP#_PC?AF)RD-[_;#7?!9@_R(H=-K
M+CYLYQZ!JZJ&$JU4YM-VW[_/S
)RYGR&YJT/A'Q%IE_H2^'?[)L9MNZ\^W7%

C;_60^2O PJK\TDI_O'[H^O:O0CC
)3A[%RLNUN:




^[[B
/^6H]*XZ?#.)E^_P56
K:VT_4?]HT*NE4]5UW]F9_&O@F
AS][/W?QKU^

MWFKUS2_V.;SQCJB7?C#Q;YVF\9A_LY5QNXQF&96^\4Z _A66'R?#X.
7B;-)


[3
M;8;.?7C;[U2M3\=_VFI1_;WB+R=*SQ8BUL6SV WJ8V^] OK^%?0FE^ _AG\/
MW

N[YC/#N\-#S;X3?LN^$OABE]J]]HG]GP6?EFXU


M0R=0
;.!@BNB^&_Q&N[7PRWC?P9J_P#PE7AV5P-1T?;]E\AC(8(?W\O[Q\R&


KS\GN*TC*K


ML6L!RC;-



M9]/CZ#8W!8D\D]:TQU# 5:OLL%14;])2=[^K:7X'-1Q?)+E/L35DTR/28TU/
M3%AMKPLMU'YS'E&PG*\GYL=!7ROX0_XOYKFK^!+K1-G@:V
#!O/7G?NG'W5C

U\]^'=0^)[_$34O&FE_\ 6Z/=E#.GGVMEY!2$JG
*EWW/Y?3

M_P!X_3C%7/\ A ?CQ\:L:;XKU+=H74Q_9]/Y_B7F/:X^=(^F:F^%_PV[;?$
M3X::C!JOA?\ X12PC\G[')_:)O/._?LS\)$NW8O7KN]J[?7OVUO 'A;X2K9



MU7PG(-$N+$J/L;+;W?F[B$_UC[0N IZ YSVQ7$V'PITGP.MCXCTZX\W5Y/-:
MPO

GCRW
M;_B=GYH\Y

M?MQK]OY'G?:V


M:EV1D-_PD


MKQN+-EL?3'O7$^+O@M\*/&VB'1Y-._L?5QT_?WDW!99/[P7A!^M=V'EE%6+J

H_MFUOOM0\QXNR

M/AC4/[5T:/?]JA\BUBV?



N;[_D=-''2E%1EN?1OQ

^/O@CKWPYM

MD@\!?\(_K-P


M

?=AW'YG7O66%Q

MTV^]?-GQ*_:9^#_Q L;JY\':+_:C3&


M]7$N
!(3-=ZCYMT  ?D9<'[O\+X_BKL6P%K

M3S?



7F)U7



MI?BCQ59^&-*\.:N?^$Q\-:FT@'B7RULMA5_-)\A55C\[!?O#_5Y_BKQ)T6I+

MR\5N?'_X'^ +BPTP:58_9=:A$AMG
ER_S

M/^*_ NFCS1H*6IL9

;6^\6Z\8[\-\




TTYWQF.SO!)EFVG
V]QAY&?@?Q5ZEXHL


Y)/_']S\IE'W=Z_




I./XN@KQCP?^V!K?Q0UJ
M_MQ\



)*5DWH57Y0

MN]T_P[\-?@_
EK-XE\C47X2S^Q7!R5Z_/N(.=P/_  *MW@^'\/5_=8;GD[;2

M_F!SMP
;C7N6G_#+1--\
3F#A*<*=.7)RWY7OR75VK?:O?
MU3U/4BY27O[G2:5\1/B!\.])-_J'PR_X0OP-X=/[JQ&OPW_VL3ED/S[6D39,
MV[D9.<#[IKBX?#,/AW1YKGX.@GP',5_MC2?+9. Q,'[ZX9I/]8\DGR'GI@ U
MU'AOXB?$#QMX9U]\!^






ZYX<^ '@YOL<36_P#;WBPZ
MH$\K


O[15?+ C&?]




M\3V
8L/'7A[[19')AF^VQQ\??;Y8DY_A^\?IWKV?:8'$UG2QF'YUI[UW%[=D


MAE#\O*$&$63[P[UMZ3\8/B5\/O#C:#XS\
4,L*_:KJ'8 (R_(8@_*.Y'2O%
M/$O[<OQ%MY(-'L?#'_
Z!#YGG77]HV]]NRN]3Y;0[^'W=.N?:O7?AOX@^'T


M BW O


MVW
 Q+^_O
H2\FWF7 /W6^[GW[9S8OVPOAYXDU+7_!/B'3O[$T[2_LWF2?:K
MB?S?
'FIQ'$'&'=#SNKYQ^(WC+X$_59-8^$GB;[-K$NT31_P!GZ@^X#9$.


M




M?1_+EB \Q_/Q_M_\MXS_ --NIK:M0RV@W2A3^L2_FYFOPUVV
HU5)W1YO\._

\]17=^&I?#_ 
!Q



XQ4.7E7:][?\!FDMSD/B









M%D\Q7SB

M^U:JZYL;#

MM=0\TG:6_P!08ROS0Q+SU\SVKV&U^#?PQ^!]I-J6O2;[F0@PV(2Z_P!)*R;2
M-X=@F/

MIA
#7]GA/?GWM;\=0=;W=3'L_A04\):+;^*I]N@^%?..E/E1_:374F]S\C;X
M?*D\O[S-GMC!ST=K^T(EWH[:7XI\

LBMU!^Z1_*KFCZQ%X?U6QA@G_M/P




MP^/]43G=\V *V='\6:9X1TVUTWP;JO\ PB?@VVW8U;R&NMP+%F'E2*9.9#MX
MZ;\]%6N*M.K*
Y5M9/\ '16_ B+O4Y3@[K28O'/BR[N-:;[/\0-/(_M70\[O




=8


MVL:?UAWW4.#)'N')4!L\^N




M:?9CDJW*O\^[:OWAQM]S69\4/VHO!_PM\3#P=XKTS['SMB83S2[@420_ZN(X


MSI5CO-K_ 

0^7
MF/X#RMP?;M7NU



3%K4I(_WHU4


M+3UM_7F;TZGM$HLYJ%=2^.WQ2U-+RWW)X;:)=8L]ZC[7]H@'D?.-ICV[-WR$
MY[XP
R_$KX-Z=\(;N'QG:_)I6&_XDWS?(3&L'_'P7+?ZR3S/NMT[=^CDE:+P


&


M8+/[+&/+\R96;YY'5CN8

M1F.(HI#_ 




MJ_B*QT0MK5UY7VZW^UW:^444I'RT14Y5C]WT^E;'AOXYW7[6)^SZ?H?DZ7$0
7F


VFHV'E2
M:J;L

0CEI

4


AXN8NY\_ICI]
&'X?S.G4]Y?/FL=SQ
*=+D/





EE8;_## +'XQ623]^XA ;_0S$FUSY6

MQH^)?BQ+=?#6UOOBQX6^P?#:3/\ PDFM?VB9?(Q*!9_N+=/.;

MJGPUM?\ A ]O@BX3^W/A%JZE=!U4HL'V80AY;D&($SG_ $@A?WA7'E\9'3YF
M



ZLC[U

&L_!_5M0^'.F:?_;VMVA4P3[XX/+9D-PQVL#&?W;CK(#Q
MZD5@Z7\(QY




M?


MB+RV%W(V0WFYX5\C[PZUUU

=N_DG



7EOT]#[RL_C1\-/AC8O<W'B;9I\NT1C[#=


E[YGWWSNW$+CS-_ON]JZ:^6X/+:RJQQ?M9+^[;\4W

9P.AK
\6?$
:.48QL_Y;VY_^WGI&V]E
MOZG33FIVDCIOB \OQ4\.Z;XR\#W_ -LU#2%D:QM/(Y:<I$?FEVA?E1NH)]




=QYN)DY^R[B5QGR^WWM_:O?+KXA?$
M/QCH-S8Z]\+?+6]VA/#Y\001^?LD.?\ 2$^[G:LGO]WJ37(_#G2[WPCJ3VUC
NV_3TZ:_@SEG#F?
M


=Z^$_@K::K^

82?[4L'ED-)&QQ$TC'+RKU7C'O7HMO\ M)?LX^'[_P#X



Z=V



'C

-KY
DN_Y%B)S)




_\ M4W^

[@8\T^?-8^7U(_UZE6P






M3T6X+=V*_PK'H*LZ;H5O)J4WA[5Y/M5H6#^![S9Y?GY4R:E\B_,NUL+^_\
M3Y*V_!?B7QT=+O\ PFG_ 
EMY:?\N_\3
[?[/W5;_\ :J/K[4917QZ7.V%%




M3_6Y491FZ




_:OF*E%U'&%&JY2N[Z7MKW.^6*]K33@K1.=_:&^$OCSQ)-J<_%
MGR[I6B\FU_X1V$;\F+=\^_ PH)^;TXKQ7X2^ /AUX#C9/C);YG^0Q7GG77;=
MGY+1B!C, Y]..]?0FE?!.]U;XJW^OWGAS[=;W)4V]Q]M6/RL0LI^4/DY^7MV
MKM_B%\*?AOXLU&/3O$[?:)8]VRT\JZ''#.-ZOC[J5];+-EEV'CEZQ#?-VT^6
MGZG!C3JSO/8\6\;?%[X ^']*T^73-:&MB'<NGZ8+;4(
Y9%D'F


:_9;?4?._=E&Y.UE^;/7.?/\ :OJG




M

M

MPU_8EE\83K=Z]^]P



MR(?D:[\P'DYA%VQL&Y_I7GRA@_9NC%M_WGW].WH=L*U)ZR.ON?$?A3P3'9

M/BEHWB[P[/G89_[4NO*'[[]PT4!P^
8*$9103_%VK8UWPO\ L[W_ 

M=SGQ/%DK^YU'O;)'_#\G^K KH=%UZ3X(^)]*TCPMH7VSPCK;3BTG:](PQE

MZ*



D?\ T+?S=-L5G^;_2!G<Z]H.?O*E<G\

 MO\ WC+@

M?:M&F

GEL@^W7'


G

W[
EAIUK'XD\$

GJ2#U_2O
/VXO#/B_



L/['#I?
MUN8WQ'NK;QC\?M;AU[0/[=O_  QY(\.67VYK3S1=6H-W\Z[1PH#?O
_=XQSG
MC_!?C/5?BIXLOM1UKP__ 




^*=K&WV35M\B;]S+#(/*D;R/]0'7D'[O'.*





M!_P



\'0
MQ$=XM=)=6_




MWPI_PKB?4%8V]Y_:
TXRG:ER<J76^GW=3EE1]F


-4\*_V[X



MZ#JVEZ=HL%__ 


M^)4WDK'#Y']F;
1F3[Q4PM^X;;ST\OCDBNOV.(E*





M/&GAG[=JNG


S'S;E2_
AF__5MKIU_:


-/%?_O_  CIFL_OS;/PBEW



?R Q_8



M6?W?+XNB#ZQ[0]/O_!?P0N/!ZP^!-9&@HP;+_8;RY\T^8
_ZPAAAM_7KN]JV
MH?AOX076_*/Q'SJ._A/[$N





*X^S2;^\O/;^(=._;5\3? #QYXPM/#=K!XV2:]R)HO[9MVW

H5W)IYA^$?_DOD=%2MAY1O[$]@B\%_RUZTD\0:U_:&KA


MR








VKIJGC.2\^'F);K[+]

7AO6/$

=<M^JW/VC^^$_P!4

MQZ4H^SGCHV](WMT?Q=7H/VT]VC[&U3X4?#O7H;6W\3:1]MO+P.]Q)]JN%V$$
M



MU_A9/[]?)6K_ +-7B2*'P0]I\'/[-.EF\^W_ /%1PR^9Y@79U?C&7_.MJQ^
M7C'_ (6]J-__ ,*Q/V#;&,_VY;_\^IC_ +]3'*82C?Z_WZ1?7_%U_P'(^O8
M?_GR?1G@?X-^)-2\

M?BO M%1(9/L*_*K[2W24-]_^]^%?&'_#




L+'%74+ZZ=_P#%\SFO.I5=6G#1GIVL?L9^$;C2[6^T#5?[!N92
-_$UCH,,_PL_LZVTKS1<G_A(+=]V_;MX#YXPGW?7GM6&&PE
M+VGO5M5ULE;YJ5]=C6JJTE:UCT/7X_AM'X7/CQ?AKYFMVBDVR?VW=*05BDY


MGAXSFQ4BQB^V0)O


M?ZW?WKRCPSHGBZ^O-8M-?\(?V)_:BP_V&WVZ&X^T&)&%Q]W&S 5?]8!G=QT-

' ]5*=/2NUY;0D[^VOVUO^;9D



MGQ#_ 
3$3[RT(-K]UA(
3











.?/5_-)+;1NMV&WI%]




W!63JI8Y9OXNFWWK4\1W.M77A7PO?ZIIN^


M;:0/FA8!LXBZ=



MDJE[];?J/]YU/H;6/ _BWX*ZYKNH^%[P7V@ZMY36=A]FAC^Q[%(;YW8L^XS'
M[W3;QUKF;W0_@GXDMSK/CFSW:V/O+Y]]%U^1?]2P0_NQ'TKPKP7=ZGX+T+P5


W[6^AZ[X?\-?L]^ _$VB^(_!?A
M3[7XDF:79+_:E\FPK&R-Q


$


+&WX=*P_L.LW=5OZ^\/?_ );GUAI/P/\ 'GA?

M





M)/$

_9(6W
M;H6ST^@_.J
'C[Q9+X5O9IO$7[M#%C_08_\ GI_NFMJ65XNG)SE63'[_ $5C
MZ9\)_LO^#M;L_#WB&YMC;ZMI+W9B?[5







MNW@O6K;3? MMH'PG\#_;](=&

MQ!X-M)?$&NY+








M_\ JX]TG$I4=1]WO7B7C+XU:K9:]X52W\2_VE8S?:!JK_V:L7V;H8N-F7R
-H51O=\KC#=!SGVK
MI/#7A/X8?76K@^&+0ZKJLF






1HO#MGXK_L[1\;0OV&:;GR%D[IN_UC




M





M/^$8A?(5%'4I_LFB&&S4+TYV1U4Z*44CT[6-8B\,_$70M&E@_X1BPA^T&&3
M_C]^T9M5E/&4VY'?G=[5UVD?LSZSKGA^#5/#WQ#^P3W!8(W]AQR_=8C^-^.



MW@NA_P (Y;C)@A$D?WD!^\3T(I?^$^TGQ9XDO]+_ .$L_M&_L1$=O]FR)_K(
M_





MK=!A_84









VI::]RMI\
?D

P?[B?[O6O
M0_%W[6EUIOAGPS=67BW_ $B]
WF_\2I?X'1!U3W-=RQ&(IRTH:_XG_F9^PPQ
MLZ'X;\56-G+=V'@/^SI+3#D_VK')NW9'T&
?K6W#HWQFCACMK/3_ +':R_+(





NW

MP\7:GX^UGPAI?C#^T%T
P





_P#A-[3Q







96S_ +/C?/\ HYD_UGE$\XS_ 







M(U+]KWXB1_!GP7XKL-2_MJZUAKSSE\B&W\GR;D0CDQ?-D%NBKC;WSQZ!-^T;


_AW
M1OA_]D2W91'_ 


M?&+3O VK^ O+C3
MSCYW]L1MC-L)C\N!Z?WC]*,/A,=03C.MT7-'IOU)G4PTI71ZKJGAWXZZ/KW
MVA/&'VS2BJG['_95C%R





;SSF\SSOM'V:)I



=





]%N/A[\4-':2TM=3_M
M6QO
($^SVMN8Q'\PY+$MG]


?98

G_/$_W?[Q_N]XO.97=&E:/
M^.+_ #\S&5'-W/(-#_9]^#3Q0V6FC^WGN29'_X_+;RMIW#[[_-G!Z=-OO6H

M=_XEZ]&NA'L

?\ K';UB']V



M1UJL+@\7.TN3DY&[*\7K:[T?D3];PY9\%_LP?%;PCKFJZ_J.M?VOK6J+ T6I





F^7?B


M]Z)^E4M$\;77B!?%&M^&/$_]A:IHJVS7MO\ 8OM'G^:QCB^=OE3:J$_+U[]!
)$G\/?VD=*-



MU=_:Y)-Q/[O;MQAC]SZ=ZX76? _@#6\:?JO?/_/Q_P!=#]QA[=:]%U+]L/Q:
M/%'CZRTGP/\ :QX;%@)_^)S&F//0D??A^O3TJA)^V-XED\*_VQJ/P[XS@?\


M3!'C_BHX^1*K?[&?X:WCF&?Q6J_])?YD^SPAX9I?P-^$N@Z;I7AXS?\ 23G
MS?^/JV\G#F3N^&SN[=-OO6_9^$_ NFS-]C\/9^QX_Y?IN^?5C_?KT?5?VJF
MT/X?Z]XSMO ?V&:!8/

M_P#$S5?]6!CK![UI'


=^N?:N:T?]L7Q5)I&K:E_PA/\ :-M:
XSN
M]J\D^.7[-'Q6^(GAV'2-._M:RC1DCM//M(=^3$6^9Y0WWE/:O1/'GQYTS7D






17)^(?&?C;7/CS'X==\:A$










M5B:?$^JPIJOA'2/LAA^6Z_?PR[L_NT_UC C^/I^/:LW7OVN?#MI;[6K3)U




]L[N^*U-3_:DU;Q%X\UCP3/\
Q?
MV

M_&?P^L_[8\1Z(9%2V\S[/DSE(2/

UW:+K^?L?[^']WY

M

M.@FRB\M4\P7 $$G P/NC^)7Z\8YR^'5-*D\66_A36HO[3U=P&AC^:+R\H)#R

M%46YN@G_ -O)+^GL;3J8:2L4_#OB+5/B_#;^-_A3J']F:U

M;C

'/
MWU'7CO7677Q
\:1_%
:'HEA]AT11MDFWPO\ \NV[HR;OO;ZZZ.&JR?/&A&VN
M[;M;I=-+3;RZF

ZMX-\86GB?6_!_P#P@
.@;\)]OCU'[?YT

FT?*#

M/]'TK2]'T8:H9Q
ZM]M:+&

KZWAN@@
M\8_$3Q19RZS=+_9&GVOEE%_T6YW[B _10RX(/7KGVKSG1=4CT+Q5!#_:_P#I





MM_
BT'S\#I]K9?YPU=*CF^%7-3P__DW_  07U9:'R\_P
^!VNS7$ULO_  CL


MKRWL?#
6HQ^%/.2!MI_XF+-LW.R]XC4]Q^VII.EW%LT_A_RYKU2R#[4S8V\'

MU:/3RIN#_:#PF$R$

MY/RCY=O05P4J.946XO#^Z_[Q?-ACT32_C(GPON;R5/AG_9%KNB5KO_A)?M&[












M*-'82VMJ(;C41)C]]

M#WX*L$T31O-
F




'PX\.W6=2US[3R




H?%WA^T


/)\QE8\!%SGR1Z]*F^%


MFB^'3\


J'KB3^$UY?O64/9_K]YMS'*:YJ'Q37X(Z;H6J_
M7S+S1C.MVO\ PD=JN?.NAL/R\+\N.E=;^R?\*?&&FWEGXIGL?^$.LR9]OYD
M%]OSY\0&X$'AF'3/6K%]\?-3L(3JC?$;[9_;:YTVW_L-5WB)MC_.$&WG'516


MX
O]7TRPT'RK+2VC(U#[3


M













M(CV*


M
5&O%*5.T8^O_ #G.RF_:2L]:T33](\.:+_:]O.C[V^U-#Y6UOEXD3YL[3T/







MJTZ;4HRY?OM_7S..I0M+0X2S^'OQF\$)ID5E\2/MNGV9D-NO]C6:;/
8
_5B

QB-&(S[,:E'D2E;Y?IJ=M+Q<$V<GX3UK0







5K2Q=


^MGK7B[P[X0U34C_86B:#]M,_[R.Y^UX:15^YM:/:R
M#L
$XM-7
MPC\C;@?^)M'_ 



MY_H-]V^OUKVJV;8?$1M7@_G%/\4TA?4X



M!/!UT'T[4/LUT.F(]0?I]5([TL9Q%C:T;8F

M!AX1T/\ X1*UB 



M!8I_%7@'4_$GP_U OXNF\HN@M57I


M\9M96WT9K#3?[ M[X3[I//CNLE=NWADR

!]WKGZ5[JK3=/EG2L^YYV'Y(56


M0'SAMDA#+M=)?OXSNXX KWGPW\
=8\1:G_;GQ'&)H2=BDQ]Q3K0/NB/M7=


MQAU/7_MMGLDV6?V*&+;\XW?.%<\-*3SC[O?MA1Q4Z]7GBK.][;'76P\.4X7X
M<^(M6O/C#X+C\'_)HMP;Y?%$/[L[(6:TYF^<_O!)_JO^!?PUL?%:UL?#%UK

MPW7GJ 3]TQ Q[/)(X/.?:NZ^



M_P/'3U==4^DCN(?N^Y3[OX]J^@_$%QIFLZ2+K46T$C]Z3NZ[@HZ?/]]1_^



M7=)

MMTF^1BOR*
8YSD5\M?#F^^ 7B6\U'1$\
_\ $COUA7[=]NU#I&=^-O!ZIY?W

5?\


M?O\ /X55\?\ QK\.?LNWEO\ #[P5I7]N^/KC(ED^U26^S8HF VS+)'\T4T@X
M;]=M8XK$5

MOR
)?AMX9\<:KXG\;^)?/^)<I@Q:?8KI?L^%
?
B4PON@93T&/J37





JFL.N;DEH

H^6S_LVX ;/;
MS/)P

MM7D

M5CDGBO9G3_$K_@H1%X!BCUV?X7_Z)
LK+<_(NQ9M\<8
M7]X?EQD=Z\:TOPO\5OAAXV?P[\.;S_A
=;@*^9?^1;6/D
\)E/RRLRG*NZ]3

MPC&SG.1C7\%_!#QCKWP571X;G_A6

HV*X8?
 O5?]9GG


M.Y=\9_L:_#/P7\:/#WAF&R:+P3XR

MQ_HPM+9)&.XR^8V^9\_


)#




BG_EJ?[P[5TYYECBEBYO37\C+!_P9'+_ !\T
M_5G^(6K&UNMSL\3.OEJO1$QU_'I6]\==6\/_ /#)^D:CXFL/M!M$E!/F3+C=
M?1QG[O\ OH?&UKHOB;]K.]T5;G='


M'F0LS?-*WW'4#'3T9\5]-N?@?X#T;X=QR_;O#LXF+?(JY_?I-U.]_OR'O6#H
M=YXJ\1Z1JO@?XA1^1K^N&-]

MA'X_^-GAG5/AII'V3Q)_I/V\?:KQO./V-EAXE4*
*DGW?7GM78?M01ZS8_$/


*\DE%6NG=ZR5M3QL2]DCRSQG\
M*^(7C:T\(Z?X






SL
@2?9



MB[@2MXG[F0!C\RNG#=]QXKR\)3P^.FX0I/2U[RE:VM_TM\_



M]J7RZ58ZKW_YA^R@




M
6!GBH_-]J<IWT:QUYC.+A)V&RQYVX%$<77


3:/2C:
=!1N%+M#5A3J.3MS!R0$VC'0?E2JH]*-FW




=!^5.8[*3S*:52*LYD/DN)Y8;L*/)'H*7S*/.
MVU7
UO(7N L87L*=M_V13=WG?A1Y=6N9JZD6HP:N*RCN!3=BMC@?E2[=M'%.

M/


M)]PJ-H=MQD4W^P[7VJVZ[L4S8*T5:459S(=&A+66Y6;0;)OO &D_X1^P_NC\


WAH2=S#'A#33_ 
NG
M_H7]:7_A#]-_Y]*V_

MPD?7=_6MTR0=B*/
M^YHCC

MR?\ Q==0@BDSY?;K2O;;L5K/&XF*M=B]D8%CX+TZS\P8^_CNW;ZDTLW@S3Y/

M/I^_D_\ BZB_X5?X3_Y]/_)B3_XNNPW7'_/J!2;KC_GU%1*M




M_P!-[CG_ 




G?
MZU)%?5


MC.AF3;_T]WX_P#'Z3_AGGP5_P!^?\ P.N/_BZ]2DCDDQYDOE^GO3/)V_\
82RO#RW/*K7]FWP
M=__ !3Q_P# ZX_^+J1_V9_ 
G'_  CS?^!UQ_\ %UZ9
3]EOX<$YG\/'V_TZX_\ BZ9_PRW\
M,?\ H73_ .!UQ_\ '*]=VR1?ZRZZ].*7S!_S]?I3_M',?^@J1I]5PYY-#^R[
M\.%SY'A[Z_Z=<?\ Q=2_\,O_  \/W_#WT_TZX_\ BZ]4VR2?ZN[^O[O=2?9[
M@_\ +W_Y I_VGCTK.K*7GS^I8=ZGE3?LO?#SCR_#WU_TZX_^+IO_#+W@'_H


M?-Q_8I^&[?\ 

MX_\ CU?1;+MQ3:7]N9QTQ$A_V;AOY#YT?]BWX:-CS-)^G[^X_P#CU
_X8K^&




1L/[.H2U1\

MT_H*?]M9I_.']ET6?.S?L2^ 6Q_HG_D2X;_VM2K^Q+X 7_ET_P#'[A?_ &O7
MT

MSI#^Q+X2L\^1
8MWWO\ 7'./K-3_ /AC/PU_S]M_WS+_ /'J^BTCCASL&
]:







_N))-^
_\ 3?C&?UK8M/V'=%A_YCGF_P#;I(N/_(U?2UU:F?:1

M3_X]6-_PP?HC77G_P!K]\_ZB3_X_7TJ9%D^]:'*]/WQI?W\WVAP/\ IO4?





F=AW[O3/]*E\N+[1L-OQC@XKC_MK




MQ\NS?L1VVJ-H::AXB^U?83/LS8L-N_KTF_V1^536/[$.BV/B;[;_ &MDJ?\

D[6N'7[N9-U2QZ?:6LDTRVP\V; ?W


M8ZN?#
/B:%?%@9=8
&6_L[;CRRW_ $VY^]7T0UC;
WV'[+^Z^\WXTUK*V:XB
MC%K^[ML[?Q__ %5K+.\92]YU;7_NWV-%@L

M#_9V[/FS%_\ GMQ6T?V.KEM1$G_6CI_TO_ +=7T6UGJW#UX?&??&?\:C
M&E6
=J7^R?-1_:V

NMW)(T[;C
MRI__/;GK5/Q]^Q!)XROO#



N=9SF



MI:J0?V?ANQ\L:I^P[=7OP93P1_PEO$?S9^P_]//G?\]O:KOC+]BFY\577AH_
M\);@:
9L?Z#_ 





MB\?&D/BQ?

MC^PKJ46D^+6?Q;\_AS[:4_XE4?_ \2$G_EM]*U5_8YUO\ X2O^U/\ A+OW

?\@J/_ )Y^7_SWKZDCM]Q?=:?)+][]]Z?_ *Z5HPNV#[-\G\'[ZG7SO-*U
M.



VF O3Y]W6IVA*K_Q[Y_*M

M9XLVO^ISC]]Z_P#ZJ7]K8V;O/3[B?JT*?NGRE;?L;ZVOP)/@'_A+1B3)S_94

*?%P T?[7@_V5'_ 








^;)/V:?%B?$X^+K?Q
=#%UC_ $'_EO,6[2CVKMQ^S#XD_X6Y_PE'_6'IG'






M*G_EJ/:L?P7^R'XC\+S^*O\ BK?^0RMI_P N$?\ RSW?]-3_ 'J^I]*O#K6F



M/QKZEL[^+6K*VFDM/^/O)'S[ONG/]*N+;0M^Z2UR8.V_;C=\U5#.L9TBBOJ5
M
^)[?]B+Q;9?77?5OXL_Y#$=LS?Z!#_P LIA)WE]_[P_'ML7G[*'CJX;PN

MM)-P1_Q+;=N))@3_ 
M1Z5V?_#-?C/\ X7Y_PF?_  E?^B[=N/[*@^]]D\G_
M )[9KZ8607*I&;3_ %OS?Z[T_P#UU9^U';G[+_L?ZVH_M7%?RQZ]NI2RT^%U



M[:Q:^Q$/[-1\E0_LS^
'^




M%XFDUPZ-#;Y7S/LD-QN#1)']TS=O;UKPN;7M#^%K^)/#NL-_PDLVL_9MDOV=


O?& O_PV8_
^T[!:1QK!PNU?N1?P!/?/&*OAWY?A

M\\Z_

M5CX3\?\ Q \.:=X
^%GA?^R=&TTNSR_;H9/


M0


MMZVV^1[JHRE%-LA\27WQ



MUL_BSHEN8_!]NV;B[
OF_?\ *M@-COYG

TP-2K*&
@F]+-;


MO


M^0

M/B;S]4O#

=8UGPYX








\0W1/J7X5^+='FU7^Q&T[[/KMN-H7SFD\QV5I&Z*%& 6Z
M^M?/7[;NIMX2UK3M1T;Q%_8/C+5/
-PGV47&%C$(7B16C&(F?MDYZUS?P*^-

._JG[547PVT_P//\0O$^F&

M6='M/[1C^#'V^ZZ&[_X295R?]7CRS!@_W/?KWIOPL^%O@3]EWX9^#--U[PX&

MTM/3!


NA_\(AJEZ/\ B67?






IS*9.GIZ;:\^_9N\%W_P ;=9UB]U2Z^S^%M#
(




&](G+
M?-.GWL8QQG)Q\YC

M;'/NMC-YJGVQ7S%2




LOW?[WIMKG?B;^S?\//@





M:_\ ;].9F&S[##%@ ^H8GO\ I7PU\&_VAM5_9 \3:OHNO^&?^$@GO&C6
_VC
M':^1L25NB1.'W+.GIC;WSQ]+^'?VC]0_:BL[%=*\

^*TLT/[2-UJ&DZA_8@N=GVD^
M7YWVG%HA4892%Q\W0C.[VKIOV@?A=-8_'CPWXEB\0_V?-JXN2;?^SHY

M0YSO[[O2N/\ '5II\?[2@L=17[=

^/'@[XX:


GM\1/CKX2\'7(_<^%WO/[2Y;[MY;
M^9%UQZ'^)_PZ5[&54UBL1/$8QWY$OQ3_ 


M8?Q*W45=_PB&F22?#K2O$UGQ-H*S+T7_EXEM4/WB!]P'U_Q\=_9PUK2_'W
MP+F^'



M:/K_ 

VR%.6N4=CB5F/WG;H3TK#NOB9_;FL?#34-=

M0ME=H^9T9)-R2/TP!LYY*X7X/^
[OP7X'B\$?%&T\[X/Z\Q-C^_!VWE>:;B
MW7[2?]*:/[Y4\=TW8^FQF%KJI]82]QZ;.-TEK9;KKR_.SUN3[1->R.:T3P/\
M2?[!E7X7:
UZ_\+[[XQ?!+X\7_ 
.].TX:BNV
64/F



MS/:Y(X\X7 &X?N!^XV_=YK7#9IBZDW2K?PW_ 'K_ )_#Z=#DJJK5=WL7?$?Q
M5\3_ +:'C2]TKPIHG]A6^BF/[7)]IANOM)FB0KQ+Y13:;=_XCG=VQSTWA'XR

M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)2T4 )12T4 )12T4 )12T4 )12T4
M )12T4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)2T4 %)2T4 %%%% 4M%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 E%+10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)2T4 )12
MT4 )12T4 %%%% !24M% !1110 4444 %)2T4 %%%% !24M% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !24M% 44M% !24M% 44M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4E+10 E%+10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)2T4
M %%%% 44M% 44M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% 4M%% !1110 4444 %)2T4 )2T44 %%%% !1110 4E+10 E%+10 E%
M+10 4444 %)2T4 %%%% !24M% 44M% 44M% 44M% 4M%% !24M% 44M
M% 44M% !24M% 44M% 4M%% !24M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4E+10
ME%+10 4F/:EHH 3:/2BEHH **** BBB@ I*6B@ HHHH **** $HI:* DI:
M* $HI:* $I:** BBB@ I*6B@!**6B@!*6BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *






M^PVLK1E=*\FS_?X*









M0JC[ERWRDXS@XXK@O#_PI^-WA.WLO'@\


M


ZW]H\/W'G_ &-?LENOW8V6


7=P%QCLHS






QMOW'E[#

?_JS7K995



TG6OLVV??



M;.U-\?$*^0TO+B(VO+
3]Z3_ )9?CVKV/X6?#GX#?$;3/^$REG-[98W;@E_!
ML4ED/W6!;.._3'O1B:



MQ$TK'R8!Y_Z.D2?
23G^


MZ&7]U*^'W!3]XG&WWI]E\'_ !'Y-EXA_:/\4_\ 00VF\06_P!AAM=F]@A'









G(YEO'[WW

M7O%)U%;CY]G-O=*.B+M^ZR_W/Q[4/#_@/PGX&N/B3KK7OV:SB;3Q


OS1;0/+63[O7.1_K/3CO7BYE3






^S

MF?SUD\_CYN!R


OFQDG/MAF4?^@FORZIA5AI.A5^)

M%6(**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***:U





M[?\ B;$;O^S+?[-);[




M
N;0@\%Z=IO[.^AP^*_BA
(OBEXA\P-?89_LS02LF=EOF%LPRQ?PJ..YSCCO

MB^

GSE0H^6(?=)'KS6=\*_ 6K?'_5-5T?Q
/0BN_93\#^*_A3\8;+5=:M.-5+
/W\?_+*&5#]QC_?'

7',FV/Y]V<&%C_#[CNOX]OD;]E/6KG0=8GT&X^[X/\ G7_MZ620]OIW
M/X=^7 T:F*PA+;4X\3%X;%-KH?5_BSXB64^G_#?Q7??ZNS.J?WO^6A
?8#_







SG/;'*^%?
M@?\ '&\\1_9/%&K;]$F)4R?9[/CLW2-]WW@G2N7+L1#^V59V?N_F]OS-'@
M_:

6YQQT-?0O5
'A9





])\.V?@'5_&_BD:9=_#\7HU+3_PSFE^T_PD!\U2
M=F/W?3?G/;'.0OP9U_\ :V\22?$




^&=2\1);?:?*\LO'O*9RZJ.0I_O=Z^.O&W[;7C'2O[:[IWA7[-;3
MO^D?VC_N%SM

JC_GD

M151Q4Y75UV1XM;$6

/A7X/T?XU:9XK\BXOQ(+RR_L^)MWER1V8&]Q@


MC^TRUM(EH-Q&8MCDM^[R3GYB=HKQ^_\ @_\ #-OAWJ'B+QIX:_X5U!((O)C^

M9/MWVA/G.Q'CECV3QJOS!\Y[ -GU+6?B9JNDZUH?P]^ C;8(O--PWDK_ !?Z



PIM^[Y?4UZ=X0^!NI


MF7.2[?Q*
%J1I<]&.Q\M
M_%R/Q]J'C30-9^'MMY^M:*)PK;X%V-
$0?ZT@'(#^O3UQ7UK\ ?BE\/?%WPG

PIP?OVV7:_P#P#GQ#



 ?CN]J\C_:6L[[]GCQ8_Q2^'VK?:
M]2UUE6YQ&HVB%(K9?EG
@/\ KI/NI]3TH^MQIYA*A4H^TTT]ZUM+[K8XJ='E
MI*9Y9J'Q UWXF6%I\

^(/#^KC





_

M/%/C+P]\8-:UK3YO _\ :OBBT:$ZK+_:LD7E%U1HN!M4Y5#]W/3G!SGD?&'Q

M.^+Y8MVR



M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% #7Z57_BJPU1_P 0H




M5#K?WF(7\DQ1Q3Q'RY
%\M$WW6&

^#_?C/7=

.M7'V2PMO
M;2-(\E7^R[UEMYOWZ


N3VB/$YOB9J'Q%_9ET/

MOLZ
_MOC*S3-JW]JF/'RXE.T0E




MUOPG8_9+N^6^;4'\^:3S-B2)'Q(H QM?[H[\]J^O/VAM4=?&.C6K=&\\C\$B


M?
M&WAAI.9;5[G^]_%';^@'KZFO6?V=?%%NS2:8?^/WY=_WNWFD=..QZU\%^-?!




MS'\PE


M_P!PXX70Y/Q19S_'!VE\.V&^*/G^U//9?L1P!_JFV^9O9'').W&:YF[_ &#/



^7AN#7 ^*OV?_  S^U$O_  M?


M$F3_ %H
G
?'3^&O7OB%^TQ\






KX5U+
M]K+Q+^RCK6HZ9\7/$O\ ;S:D(_[*A^PQV_V78NZ;FVB??N,\?WL8V<9R<?3'
MP)_:'T/XW6<LVF<!3G_EI_$\@'WXD_N]L_AW^,K97+#R=1;'JTY^T/7XNE25
M5MII&O+F-A\J;2OXY_PJU646VM3K2MH%%%%4,**** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@IJ*O);E8_OGI7!?$SPC%X]\'

D0D=NM7&;HM5'L3



/^NAQI_P VYE8?Q[_OD_UXS7V678J-



M\]J]U^$7PH\&^![Z;6_A5#_Q))RHDAS-V9T'-P^[[S2=!_2O
O!_C+Q_\6_#
M_P 0-!^








M2R*O+]N.
T_LR_LP:3X%TFTN;74?M2Y8Q_N&BZ&7^]*<]:[<XRS!U,6L5!^[K
M^1I@ZT*=5'KJ5O$5QINJ?M(6L


OB!!Z




M^%C6P


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


MRYS(1U)Z5F^(KK2_C%XAM-$^%$^W3;O=_;;?O!]@*Q*]O_Q]*&EW
DOW.1L^

ZU'J'_%6



M_P#[6NL1[(O)6'GS6;[Q)'&_/7^&OGWX)_L_^







M\.W9;R2-PO!^XO4UZ;XZ^]Y\!WG\8Z5K?\ I4;#;%]E5?O;(3R[N/NRMU2N
M7_9QN/#O@4ZY\0)U_P!'T1(?/?\ ?';YYDA'!R/XST4_A4/QLT/P;\1?VE/






\OY8F@C'$V%7]VS= OXG;
/MLN;?*R
M^:1((?O3RF+B R]%'7UVU\\6.L:[KWBOPMXI@G_M+X@:;]K_ +0T_9'#Y*R*
M88QYC



O2_NGJ4Z
:W[QGJ=K_ 
)EXJN([GXNZG]ET&1B
=OS7$R)]

M$^O2N;^




4^FJV9&'IBG5R'0%%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!#.N[;3%CJ=NU-J?=OJ0X





D_[@RI

M
FG
3\0?AZ2H


2
)/])97EDW3W#-\X&WH
C&/81XB^)?[54;1Z;=_\*]\#E5
L


?#7]E[P'I8;QAJ']IWMF$U#R]4B


M$0C:0'58;GS_ (2!Q%$57NGIG=SR#7VKXV^*
/@?3KC5I;3
AVC_7^FU?[






MB@ HHHH **** 
7Q/J5OIULC2CS+AMWD19QO;CC/0=J^'/B#_P %&/$/PG\7
MMIOB?X?B.S8KLNO[;CY4QH^=B6Y/_+0=37W;JWGLJ1PP;PP;
VY?W9QP
'KN

MFS.WIS^%?8'P/^+UK\6OAYIWBH#R8Y0X;Y]^)Y(?[J]XS_*_('XT?&M_BM

M?L\Z!H_BB8VWEB3S?FD?I=
_\&[^^.] &IK_ .T'X7F;5;?1-;-WKEL(6CM1


/L%U%]E.GI_9

1!DN\QY P(1GD@8_6OS[_P9_PQ



M'X

M  ]\4OVD]733O&G]G:J_D-8Q?V;)-YH%D!*
F4(



M[0D?EEF\N1
$J6Z.H/5374-):+-]@'&WEOGP1_'^-?G'_P $X_A/;?!+QUXY
MLK;Q1_PD4\WV-;A/L+6_V?;%=
!R[;MWF'IC&WWK]%KR]L=)OI;JYF$(8#DC


M
7)=PVY93T;C;[U^FK/:)&;XL/L@7;T]]M ')ZM\4- L]^FW\^^](PT/ER')


MFV%_=^7J%QYJQC]X?N@
_J/\/+O^COPKL/BO\2O!]U#XD_LK4+\W8LD^R--YWEPVOF<




M^1'-M!NK0Q?*S!C\RG[OX]J^.OBG^SSX\^!?P1\*_P#^(SK45\+T3$:;#;
M;/+N$7_EK*__ #TF_N]._8 _2'P)\:/#GB/X6:?JMZ?[)U#4%8-9_O9L;+AD






\6?;]
FV@P_888L[;L0?\M968_
S_P -

MEK6\MI/
M_FPV._O7YP_LR_&GQ=^ST/%LVH[#/QY0@L^
7GE?\]1_=_NU^

D/WF5L??[*:D_:6TL:I\

MQQ]+AX 

M.?*C QY9[?Q5])1SS:I&+JPNR(&Y'[GKCC^+Z=J_'WP?^RM\5?B%^SYJ/BB\




W8BM/WR^9]GB61OGC1@N
K


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


MQV?EA_=^GYJ_$;P=J_\ PBOA;5/#D/\ 8IW79U+5/

M/NYSVKU'7?@UXJ^-O[95G(MX!%HP;=XH


M9M]_Z_I7XU? +4+OQU^UUX=U'4=5WI:BZSJ7V15^V[M.D'^J'^JV;=O7YNM?


<?L\^
M-+GQ]\'=(\0R6NS4;PS^8O'1+B5%.0H!RJCH*YW]KKX@Z]\._@=JVL:5:YO(






JC_5@D
M?

U_[7!;_*\GV61?XG7_EHH;[R/ZU^6NC_ +8U[\6O
MAK!9^-+3[5:I\L7[]8MO[YRW^KA7/W%^\3TXQS7-_ 7]HRX^$OPC\3ZCX$TC



OS)TG]LCQQK'@GQ-I'B?2_MWAMC:;[CS[=/L_[PR)\D<.]\N$Z'C'O7
M'?L]?'Q/@7X5UJ[^$NB?VQ+(86G/VSR, 23!?EN4;/RR2],=._& #]CM#TV_
MMEG_ +1U+^TS?NE\E8_*'/IR<\=?2KDL=RC 1_=/6OE[]@_]H[4OCYX5\27
M^MV_V36-/%M]IM_

=KX@_MIXU3]W]@:#








M=6


/
XXX/IS







(;_0_#OB#2]7_ -(L/M1NOW#=6


% 7J: /'?&7[+?
M@SQUKD&HZW8?;982QA;S)$V;\!ON.O7 ZYZ=N_:Z#X9\/^#+/[-86.R-0
CS














NI^ O[1U)-@


M


^L/1J]O%QR^=*F\)?F5[WZ_UT\CS8UO:RY1?_AOQ#\-?&UQ\
M3_B!XD_MSTK:-)LOL$4?F&6(V\PW0
W1Y(SB12#CCO7
S2#X;^%YO$.H6__




M?&=%/#_NCR+XBZG;3?&:2&U_U]LJB?\ &U&W^1KV/]J#1&DMM%UJ'K8^=N_X

MQL5ON

MAX7@TZ\_UL.]XOO?Q2$GIQV'6OFG]F7X?VVI?%:X




?/\

_TK\P?B!^S/\7;KQCJM



M020^1XDQ+]DC^63SMS MR $&(PO4G.:_4'X_?#OX/Z#X+\-ZG\:]5.@ZVS79





J4 M(;C[_F7

MW5F_#O\ 1G[1GP=^%WQ
\
V_B34[\Z.GAT.)YO(NI0J7+QQ#Y58#HHZ*W7M0

M3V'PXD_9_P#B?\3_ (4WXAEUI]+
VJ[+HF1H;SR

M2;+Q%H'[/^L6:[9+H:^'FW9Z

MV97W-\ZA

3CJ.E 'QOX.\.^ _@7\8#^SWX[@_MJXTL
1KHFGMQ(LEL][_J8






MWB:3IYX7[W.S/\6%PKSX2W=K^T'%9.^WX9[F4/E1@BT(Q@/YH_?GTKZD_97^
7GEW%W]H\KR6

M: /@J^^&^B_L)_$:VT/QE%_;(O&;R=6$S6_V@+'G/DQ/(5V_:$7J
X[]M?\
M:*^'MOH/Q_UH_#N'?X4UY;?[4OF;0/)M82G

M.AZJ)%G3^P[-_(6)?/\ OY=VW23D\

=/I[IX\'PZ^!EAX5UKQ=XF_X1+6-9

M;KRV#+&[J3Y9? R


M;/WA)]PK[YXQ[9\

D3O$?

H2



&KWQX^&VDW'AW

CN7MKX

_C!X?O?$E_P(?^$\TO4V7[$O
MV2ZT_PS^4TT;'.Y6?+(?O*

MY


4FZ*6/IC&SGDFO*;#5
MO&G[#EPWC72M%^S1ZF (E^VPML

\#VG@_7O!/C'Q#
MXL_XH_0-


^
];'B/2)
M/-^T:+]ECM3%EAIZ#SXW5WRX3I'QCWRS9+#0O%WP3\&ZE\=/_X1/7W^V_:(
M_/:[W*;K8#F[8+Q&L_;OZ[:]@^,O[-7PA\)W\VDZOXX_L9=0F+3/[(O)O.








M\+H?A_\ #=6C-CH@2._\_EK.0^;+^]3_ $EI6^9/^6F!PHKZCOOAEH?CO]I#

%[_P )1!X7


]2\*_%;X/:IXKT2(V/B;PR(_LLQ$T

R&;4AJRZIYHE8


$'R(.I-?1/Q:_9
ME^'_ 
)[70Y+/Q;_ 





K;P#XT^%]BMW/\2]EH1\VG_P!@V[;ATSYN

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@#YZ_;2^*%]\,OAJ+FSF\KSN7^3=G;- !_?[YZ?RS7Q

A^O&:




MQ./WX/'O_=KI_B+^S?JW[2#0:?IOP]_X0_PII1D&D:@-8AOO[0
A5IAMWJT7



M\
_A9XSUCSY;Z/5/)MOLP3S?+=KEOG24]&

9?#GD
M:!X?:(1#^T5;S!/
MR?E#)(/G0=7;KV[@%GP;^WAKWPG^

MVAO50 UNTY_=Q6[2G




/A+X12_?1O#^-/63ZC]NL1L#7(NR?




MC]ASY7V%F


;PO_ &EX+G$9L[C[=L\A
M4A6:9O+

KM^]E?[S#IQQBN^_:0_X*+)\/\ 6K33OAUI@\1WER&$\WG_ &41
M;%B8#]];E3\K2=.G?C''^#?@S\0?!_P1B^$O@_X?^5?:B'_ +?U(:Q/(9+
MDW-J?+FE^;*EON.


CPPCS/F$F


MU9'OVJCX!^!?B?X.^$_&7Q0\:3;+76/L6+/R86\L1
T&/
B=F;YI$_@7IUKM
MQX'US]FGXW3^$/!^B9'C@!K:;SX_^7*W:1CB21C_ 
M9.KK]/0 XKQ!^UIK/
3'^*O7/CM_P4<T3P)X034?!6

MCCX\NUD


M!FO-/A?\&_$7P5U'Q9+%:_\ 5?%2(V2P:)YL5GYNY2''VAF-NNVWEWXVY;9
M@?,:T? W[/?BS]DOQG#\6Y[+^WI[P?Z;H?VJ.W^S%8S:Q#[1O82;EG5ODC &
MW!Y% &1\*_B?\2_BIKDGC[2/@N/'

8XY



!LUBTWY8
YAQ_K0S
M*
*Z-[[



M[YXVQVY(SQL?Q_TIOVL(/%Y^$V_XM@[_ #_^$DDX!L!#G&S[-_QZ?[/_ (]7
M5Z?X&^*7QH_:;TKXJZG8?V/#H/GXTWS+6Y\L3V1MS^\7:3GR@WW#C=CC'
6I

/BA\!6/Q:U?1/


M.V6\?FF&V\F3]ZK$KM9@WS(

MP(_LK?Z1)*5^[ND_U?\ L4 4O ?[0/Q+_:XFNO&EIX-_XEFA;3:VO]K6WRF8



C^-B6']

WFEB\%TGVZSN?-$JQE#\W


?E






M'P6_X6CX9\







MV'5ZRKKX;W_B[3==^%'AO0_(OO!0A=/]+SYOVUUNS_K
*
*K?Q-U[=\S6?V:


M+/A[Y36WDB.__MA6SN5XV'E1J
?ZL)@UE?M


T5XW^RC\3-!^*?PATO6/







9_!OC:WUW3(]@=B
_+S\D40^\^?X_2O2OVD_$%S+^T1HUO

#*ID?LJ\M5


?M5:MIS?VG'\/?+%I



M?'&K&3:?]*F^V^6VU^(U

8P
?\
MJ=W5OISBO=Q.'P^.BZL9:KS6W?T]?RU

O)S_

M?33C&S.UJP4445J(**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H








M_;3ZTTJ[_



MU6A3YKDR2G

M+;Q%XS\0R_9M/T9K8:?_ *QOLQE#0R?
K

B!FS


)Q(/


M+3[09QYD:;LV:RKS
I_VON_CVI3KXCVZQ$)V3C^6GZF
-%[
Z;XM:3I?A?X@
M3:U=V'V(:X2U\V^1M_DPJL?\)'!)].M?/MYI

MK;;#]YB?XCT KVSQ=XWU[XD:'XA\&^-]&_LG6X$@6S?[7'-YWSK))Q$%X+


MY^ZIZ




I]GDEZ1HO3[0/[OIWK[G



'
M_D'_ /Q^F7?_  4[^

L?/\^SD\X$Y!Q]G.


%7OBY-)_H\/FQ+UYL^

M9C&/^W7WJQ?_ /!57XNQX\N'RMWJ;





_\3:WX
MZ_\ 3K4T'_!6GXCV\A8^!N'_ .HM;_\ R+0!Y?)^PA^TSKVIL/\ A#/*^PE?
M^8MI?.Y1_P!-_P#9KL+7]D3]IO2K
P+X2YQC_D+:5V_[;UU.J?\ !5OQU&EO









2^

M#?[

MG&
_\NON*WO#/_!5J2.!I;CP9YO3_F++QU]+6@#YV\0_ ?\ :DUVQO\ 2[KP

^%_P#A!O\ RK:5_P ]/
_OU[[JO_!7

].MK[&L#_A[9XD\[[=_P *[_\ *M'_ /(M '@D




+&476H?#O_ $=.
MG_$]A_'I:T^^_POVORVZWUK\._W2]?^)['_P#(M '@8_9?_:*FL;.#4_ _

6TSM]7]Z]PMO\ @KWJ
M


MA?\ :CUCP[=Z)+X'_=3A

MAA\$?98M*60
@$O









_%=EX_\ #
'BC3AMLM2&8U]-C
G=
M0?X:ZV@!5IU-6G4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444





M/N3:P/W1SNYZO+O'_[-OQFU3X@6ZT3[=X2C&6F^U6
&
PKV5_
/[P?A^-=
MC\8O&FJ_M.?'B/P_XK\9GP[H_AKFSC_LN.Y^T&XM(Y7&8@C+MDB3[Q.=W&
'
M/T/X4^





/A7\!_AGX3LM=\2^'/L5E


46

'ATWZW

 0X&%7MZ^U3R
M_M\^%?#-QXE.FZUO.L-:LX\B3Y?*&1_R[GU]J^S=3U#]G6UDO+*=QIXNA$R/
MC4'\S9ANG;''YTD?B_\ 9LM[&WN+G4?
BM-V&\C4OEW
?13_ 'J /@KX*_M[





JQ]8&7E7_AQTYSVZ#XK?\ !1SQ1\2/
M#








.
MHQ6L'W[G=N_YG92W]* /AO0/^BMWJ/P%N?!GBF#SFNW7R#OVXVW9E;[D'^






M3G[Q/5A7V_?:/^RWHZJC6G^E6K  ;]47[_/]:EU+P#^S+9%-&%D5N+E=^#/J



VR;(8/LS) 0_(M\MN;Z8V^]:_@7]N3PO

CL=EROS2+YFJ
M/ZL/XCC[QJS=^!_V9]8OK?4EAVK9[L_\A09RI7^\* /SW^*_[85VOP7\

M .I_V+9Z)]I_M-/(^T^=Y]TLL/
L65P=_P!TMG=SC S[CHW_  5*\/\ A+P7
MX?TNUG^TWUOYQGFV2(5WRET.&M/NMV/;Z5]$1^_P!E75-2N)C;_:)K_;QG


:U'AO=;7&!'<?VCJ)\W&2

M)9:?;^6YQY@$FJ-G'S#^/CH:WM/\?LU2(VFW\XVV#M\S4EQG+=WYZT ?%F




M^'F+D)G E!'0=C0!\&^/O$%S^TYINI^)/!?A3?8PI&-1;[=CJ$2$;9=I&&A8

MUWRO!]N#O_T&/G






^+[+QIX%GU/Q/_ 

MXV:+X8^'?]D:]':_9]2E60[OWGS8\H'L1QN]NM?H52.'3I*2U/E_M
\FUOP)

8'ZD5\:?LH^#;W4O#]WXM4YU-'C$?3IYDL9Z\?=7Z


M4VO7JR*'ZJ3U(]O2JOC+XM0_%SX2ZC;77W%:



M!




LGV?S=PS$PXE4+]Q&Z'O]*^

K)'MC:7[A.=W/05P?CZPE^+W




M*WUDUXL%P+HWGG[]T)^2$D#:JQ]1SNXZ5[5\2/VS-;UO[/X2^#=I_P )%XK7

F.GO7D/CO4_V?/B+J=CXDT?5_LFL9E,D
MGV34GQ\JJO!4+]U!TKVG7?#;P?_3H_B\<ZIJ2R_:K':J[2DZA!OM2%.5
'W

ME+ZS@WIUM:WXZ
RI_$9:_$SX0?/QVJW?BG_A(_$%QS8Q_8;RV^S;(AYG(1




M5M/N.7%/EJ

M\WS)/
QMXVX_&IJAA\WS)/
QMXVX_&IJYS0**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!K4E*U-S42E%;@074;.4*]!G-12


?GVR^C+?;YCJ
M%TF?E!A.V.''W4C^X?K6W\)?VF++XV7-]X!^$EA_PB28CV7WGM=X&7F/R7(
MW!CDZ
.OTKLO^&K?#O@GP

G7UKG)

T&T\6?VI;^)A.]Q)_9UFF[[-$9
#<K3?+U$<8'!XZ
.E?/OA/]E*\
M\'?M-6'AC6O$?]HVS
3H[_80N2++?/PLI*_
R??/...]?6/Q.T.XT/1[NXU4


;O
M/DD\[;#$_1N!C;V]:Z/]HKP]I_BC]F#3+'6_W%I'YS22?



_['

-)U?QT?%7B3^WXY5L/LB?88[;R

OBWX#\4ZKXGN_
B\-+
^/O

'AOQ








M_P 75K_AT!\.YF;R]7QCK^XN/_DJC_ASS\/_ /H
?^0+C_Y*H J_\
N_LH-_



M 


U#_P/UA?\.:_ _P#T,@_\ +C_ .3:/^'-
M?@?_ *&0?^ %Q_\ )M &_'_P3C_9XN,_\4[T_PG[4/_ (_3_P#AVW^SQ_T+


M 

&GJWV7XG\OU_XD3=NG6\/K4/_  Z#OO
_Y*?\O_8_P#NJ@#O=%_X
M)G_.1;P6-WP=OF?N+SWQ_R\#WK.U'_@E;\(KV7
VH^41G'[B\Y_\FJPX/\



%93I


MA77[;GB&U^%=A]MO#]E:\/GPQ[

M: ^'7BGX]:)9Z!:?O]

0DN)Q-]LF
M5]20)BT01\2 #E0?N^G/:@#[E_9'_:RT;]IRW\26^F1&*[\.BU%URW/GF;;]



M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B



M7%IYZ[

9O_P!O/S?\O^C1;.G^QSG^E%Q^
MT5^U[Y C_P$&_\ *MHW_P 10!X7??\ !+GXN)+&;'P/P,[O^)M:_AUNOK4O
M_#LWXU^5L_X0?_RK6?\ \E5[#IOQ\_:]LVN7_P$'^_M_P8MHW;/^Q[TO\
MPTI^U[YF/^$'_P#*MH__ ,10!X9)_P $N_C66)_X0?K_ -1:S_\ DJF_\.N_
MC9_T(_\ Y5K/_P2J^@C^T9^U[M4_P##_\ E6T;_P(IO\ PT9^U[_T(_\


M8G0MX2^REO\ J)6;;O\ R:_SFK__  [/^






4 ?



M]*9_P[;^.O\ T3S_ 
KMG_\ )5?5.I?MK_M%R+['\*O[/QG?_Q4.FMOZ8ZP
M=N?SJE_PVE^TS_T3S_RNZ7_\8H ^86_X)M_'7C_BW?\ Y7;/_P2J;_P[;^.
MO_1.O_*[9_\ R57TY+^VG^TSQ_Q;S_RNZ5_\8J/_ (;3_:9_Z)Y_Y7=*_P#C


=TOW_ .F%49/VYOVE8)
/\/
_
M]QS3/Z04 ?
]K_P3?^/$F\-\.^!C'_$]T_\ ^2!4_P#P[;^.O_1._P#RN:?_
M /)5?32_MU?M&2*-OPZ&1U_XGNG?_&*7_AN;]H__ *)T/_![IW_QB@#YB;_@




MQ+YF^VD2?_CW5@
9A^^IZ\=Z^G_VDOA9\

M
+'_'MW4_X^3_ ++_ (V\5^#]8\<WVG?H?$N*$V/FR?\)'#I/]GYCD4<
M2 ^;OR?N_=\OG[PKW)O$7B[]HO?I]A\+/^$3N(^'F_X2&ZV]QUV9QY!Z'O0
I3_M/3:-=^--GAS0D4LO]EJ/]=8%L<2[Q\X]6_#ON?/]DKX@?##XR7FD




M

8Q
M#_H





^^9
M?XE;I(I8_



M:ZWXA?LHQ:M\.RWA-/[!\8DH?M@;SM_[Q-R[7E$8Q%O7OTXY KS





$




JLJWC?OH#.82GR(LLXM[CMMZ\Y.

_;T\+SZ/XN\/:U+:?\2@



3?$




J?:?NABY^TO]DV?Z[RL<




W7QLO/BI\7]

BNZ\+W-U)KFHZGX1
ME\NZ80F3PO\ +SB



MMJ1#'_J#SPT?15_'M2\


M/K6F%7)F*E3DI7OJMGILO0SDOW;+?[ 
U
M?4%?)YK*4L9-RWT_)'M9=KAHM^?YA1117DGI!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 0W$/G;3Z53NM-M[X!)XO,].6X_*K5Q
2TM
MOWDI(X#.?W4?;Z4 =9^WS\!?7AZWE\727!@LFV_V7!LED\L*;:*7Y@Q8_O

NHZA97GR3-(OW]%NKA?XOH*\F_:L_:I^%/[0'A
MZZ\.7L'V*TTXJ-+G#7

M9M



MX?6#_4LUSC[O;3Y/3GOW%?KK^T9--_PIGQ 5'.+?/_@1'0!^3'_!//4=7_X7

MA:7'^-?L]'%+]LO'?[A*;/P'- 'X


M$;X/V/VV\^:V\T'


MDG]K[2/V7; 6.JZ'YHF.?^/MDQAYF_AB?_GI[?CV .5USX3?M


3G=^E?0'_!/O]M/Q;XH\9+X \31;7C9BI_=C.(KF5ON0

U+QE\1
M&^(ETNR$XP-V['[JZMS_ 
M!_=_NT ??O[5IU/2_@SXAOM&F$
\:VXD^16SB

9#8^^1GHU?L!^V5/&WP$\3V




M
?E!SYEB^_

M&'P-^'][IVK:CYDC
O\ RPNN


M_+


MP9]+S^5I7Z
*O6M:__ &)9
M:@;0E/LC3^?Y=@DH^ZRE<,B_Q#.[VKZCN/@S=?LO:-8+<3?VQX)TU9W AX:
M3':623EYO?I7RU\=/B)H_P ._P!LB]\47^C?VK8Z8(S
WVMH?*\S3XHUX569





M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
C7HUOGMM/E
MB\RVN=WF'TVX(KX%T?\ X)9Z WQ$UK4[NX/V0KLX;KY)5NEP/;JIK] ]:$


C4VYCP9)+C9]P


%[#6I].$#2M*47S\])

=O6OTN^%^I1V


]
M:^E_VN/BM8_GX0ZC/<OBYF
?D)L9MP6:+?R$8#Y6[XK\?O#/PI^*'Q9^&^L

M Y.-LC)C) _N^E6?B!XJB\ ^#=4\2$9
 BS_ 

6AA?M&D?VHLAP


/BYJVAWVG_;TM?('^ODBV;[:Y?^!AG.

Q_';XV6?P+\&IK?V7S+5B<'S6'_+6-.@1


W_!8SPQ;V\+_V%]MDDSO'VR1-

PGOG+!

MYNGKSVK\7?BI_9\G[6#6WC+_ )!H9-_WNGV%
_ZKGTZ_XT ?22_\%AGCNRHT



!=%8[E2-T=UY?W?W)_P!' ^[^




:?

1QG



M:/$E?[;T3[OF#RS%;CSKK+A%F?Y 

M



MK;=M9+K_41Q''RLD?
G.
]2:]5U:_T



M//VJ]6N8O$GQ$


Z+G_5OTS7J2JQ4RB7S0?]C;7YO^*K?5







M][GRGKGPC^




M/$]P&9-
V'_B8!2O_+14\M/+B(?Y3EL8JE\(5'[16D6T7PF\ ?\ !ZA?\
MMF_77/[0W?
[0+MN=K+^]27_ %9YW9]*]O

EB*EK2^+;\;].UNOF886G
M[*%SM+GPKX=\)_M9?#WXC^&FVZ9XJ&I&X@\MAY1M=.\A/FDR6R-S?*J#GOV]
M[^


M8]N]=-\$-'T_XV6.M^(X'\R]D6$Q*?X6'F)_L#_EG_=KM?!/Q$\1:5XINO#'
MBVPV G]TWF1KE2KR_P ('J.I/\Z]+
LXI8F4(P^)_P!:&U/#_NM3YRAU72X_


^?W6+CF-O-&)0/\


WA?PYXKO/$%O


LS?=N
#Y''WBOX\X]J^$_


MV=J)E








MOJK_ ()4?#OQ7X$NO$


M:!^TWIUYJW^O82+%^-C/G[O'IUK]EY(WL[JZO3(5A)5@



)Y4SQ/_ *J;V3J*_3+QU97.


MKUP?7HPKD?%^MW/P _:#\:Z/H5I^[E%F9/WZ][
2C_6*W_/0_=;Z]J]5_8/^

&VC/^M?_KK0!S?[ ?@W2IOA[\4-<U*T_P!.SIK#]_)U

M[(


MKWB_X+
FD:!_:AC5O//VM8?*)N;8+U8!L[3]

MEL6!'[S39











?V;?'DFG:C9_N/O+S#_SPE;LC'_EL.I'XT ?M/9^3&K0P






$\/@GX_P#@[X:\3GXAZCY^LZD+

M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44

_


MS[?Y_LZ$C[T3_P!X]-OX]@#LM:^&_C'PK:^


MV.:\^UG]IKXQ?#G]I74]





M=XCOOM%L[H57R]N




MKWWQG\97 VPB49&^-ND5Y&.Y/\ #Z@;_@H1X=M-

M_B2T\!6DOE0Z#YK7'R%\_:$M[A.B CYAV9OP[^P_WQU\=*^ -OH']JF#5F





MU+R[N(Q-CR+CJ7=A]^*
?\LCWK\OO%MYK7[%?[48N=1U)GT_K(/)4[@+!$Z
M*7(XN/0?X &_X\_X)Q?$'X=WCMX;@^UK'RLFRW7;E5Q]^X)_C/Y5=_9M_:B^
M)_P9^(7_  CWBD;;9R?E_P!'XQ3.?N(W]X=Q7U])_P5.^'0LFDLXOM4T?\








L';?G_7;N%/^K]Z /E7[='I






MS\/_ !)\/-0TJ:P^Q:9IY0FR\ZXD^5I2R_O-F1DJ&Z_Q8_AKYR\!^#_OQ\
M

ER\ILCB9_M!CD*2G:Y6WCQ;QD99!]_CDNZ\=:+-\;;C3?[6T
MW^Q_C!HL;C1_-63=YY1E'FKM@_X]4S@9QO[-UYJE&3JNE)ZQZ[?/Y]S1FM^



M]7\OW0M=]^VE=RWGA73-!NUQ:7+2B.3IM*R0L.?P]16;\$?V?M:T+PCXCU#5


M[U+^V(XOLZSI)-]Q4&_=PO+-CVSSP/Q$^+#?72[_P&.G^#O[&34A'G6OMW

M=?\ @SX!@\6Z+J']B6JDO?:5Y
=S]H)G$
7[UV8KL

,?CA\;/%7C/0_#7A__A';!3M%

3:



N++XA:MXC\N\


Y&Z)

M?ZL$G+./O'MQWKZE81Z?
[I'L
F
GUP







WV; $2Q_\ 'Q





MM4W8#2GHB/P\7=A]ZNE\=?M
?$^#PK87'@WPWOO=9\QM&A^W6H\_RY4\[[Z#




M=GVC.(VN#]



=.U9UJTL144YJS:7X6[EX&/U



M=GEK'#(

M#WP[']K^%FJI@KYERNWRXWF;[[&7F9F]!_P&H]*^)T'A74I'U73_ +#XCF.?


(+87A&F^;N05B(^:7Y1A%9O^ UXV%Q5

M6!;_ (%7U+7S?^R'-XLOM0\:WWC.P_LW6[@6(EM_
ADV[5E ^:+Y3E=K?\K
MZ0KPLXE.6-FY[Z?^DH];!?P(_P!=0HHHKQCNBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH JW4*R75NQZJ' _$8]1_6OB_\ :C_8
C_:2^)7]OW4
MPB@1MQX;G


';9





&KZRAM_^$B_LIK/=


M32[_ %Z=
?UJY8^


M_P*-,W3_F*:5Q_Y!JS_ ,-?_M9?].?_!KI7_QFO4&^*'@VZ_U?Q/\ N]?^





U[;#\0
M_409?\ A9_WO^H%)_\ $5'/XN\)8\S_ (6?_P4*3_XB@#Q5?VM/VLX\G_A
M!_O?]172O_C-._X:X_:S_PA'_\ *KI7_P 9KUO_ (6KX.LV*R?$_PG_$BF



M^./]E=/




^/GB;QE\-?VL/%



=*MU3L9)II)7D_U1QY?ZY_I

M!
6ZCT%
BCWL3Z58H B@7:SU-110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%

WI0!^=T/[2FG_!'P



MJE&]Q\



M_P 2F\_^
5%)_P %?@FH/\ Q7/_ )2;S_XQ7FUQ^S'X%OIG$?PP_P!7U_XG
MMQW_ .!^U4;C]E/P3Q_Q;#_RNW'_ ,70!ZC;_P#!0OX);G'_  G'I_S;S_X
MQ4Q_X*$?!*/&?'&=W_4*O/\ XQ7D%O\ LI^?MT(_P%8=S_ 

M(_V4_!
'V?\ XMA][/\ S';CV_VZ /5X_P#@H-\L,UQXYZ?=_XE-]_2H9?


MG\$]N_\ X3G_ 
I5Y_\ &*\+;]ECP!#=S/;_  P]-W_$]N/?'\=7+?\ 9[\$




M:&T*WTCX@:WYR/N%GFUU1

M!/#_ 


MC5Q;&;9_:!%KJKAMJR-'S
K_ //23[I[\]J]P_X;B^$OVY8/^$CZ?].%YW4?
M]
*\%L?V9_A;.TEBGA?RKZS_ ./G_B9739W_ #+U?'][I5;2?V4OAN_B'?\
M\([]S/\ R_7']UO]N@#T[XU?%;]G3X]:-!\7ZYYT3@^0?LFI)C#([?ZM$_Y
MYKU/:N;\#^(OV4_AOX/D\(V.M^5:L,OFUU5L_O#*/O*Q'W^S=ZP;O]F[X;QZ
MI=S?\([_ *C9_P OUQW4?[?M2?\ A?A=I\3WUUX=^5N!_IUQ_N_W_\ :H M



M_AEOX4V[?:/^$=^;_K^O/_BZ .U^+C?LP_%W4C-XGU?[1L($1^RZFNW/EAO]









MU'OTKT#2_P!EWX;:9JUC);P^4V6_Y:7#9PI_Z:FO*_@WX'T3P[^V_8C3NZOG
M_6=M-EQ]]CZ]J *?_!3R;4V^
VF11?ZJ




M@5G0VLAF$)0[E\P80R2']Y
G4]O3=0!MV?QW^$^E^)_#?BCPA9[['Q ;CSF$
MMU^_\B



MHDJ=:.-4\3/G2^SIVM]G4^9^TSS+0_BQ\2/V@O#OB&P\2:-_9*Q-;MI3?:K:



MG)Z



M[*Z$JI_N8_@KIOA]X#TSQA-X?T#78?.M;);C9^\9
;U+G[K#^Z*PO&W_  3W


^/?#EVKC6+7[5'IWD[5C@M^20[




5CU;^T5MLJX:9CY('F##@+]\YVYXSS

S1?8FO/
(8]Y9L\-(_;^+VKZ+

5A\+9I6;



'$L$?_ #T^8_
DG3^M=Z@M

M?T352US+_P M_(DR
.\G1V./OGI7DU



W6M3QE\2-
MTOP#KMC;Z:+CP59F#RY?M
B;=\RGIM#_ .L_SMKYH\'VOQ=AN-/\'?#M//\


G[WR'\V'F4N%PKM]UAG/(X%=S:_ +
MQ)\2]




MGRME=_W.FWGJ*^FX[SXV:;X7ME\!_!K?JZ9\_4O^$JL_O

G(!;Y7_BY[5Z%^T9\7/^$8U0V-H<WMDN#_VT\O\ O*1^


O\ !



@\
^*1C4=6W*@^;_E@7E_Y9LR_=9.Z
M?CV]+ X#GPM2



J'[BKM_U0ZJ
^

/(W1ES\H8;MV OMGWKG/C]X3T7X4^$_

M$SN?^?^A:'I?A37[K1];_X2!KH6_GWWV2T\S:T^WY']-Q7C^[7UA7R?_P3

T^-=
MC?:K4YWR&ZZ#+#YT'5S^%:'B+]JSX[-X+\/_ !&CT07=NC72P2_:M/'E'S5M
MCQLYR

YH
M \._;(^'?Q)^#WB7Q9J6MVGV70O$C6W]F'?:MN$ @67[CLWWI!]\#KQGFOK/
M]D%C=?L2R


+]H\G:US\FS=O\ ]'D[]O\ Z]?7O_!3&Z)^('A.$^'O[5)6


MU?\ 9-2Z/\/=

WY#_ '&!&
+ZYS[5X'\3



MU%^S]\2O&5CH]AX$^W7U\)-B_P!LZ@F-D;.W6)1]U3U-?3?_  K6[_M#^S_^
M%*_\2C_GM_PE9]










MX2\_\L_^*DD_'^E3V_@_1)


M.?\ CS]J2%?C0O
GX?\ 'G7

]?^IKN*
M/^$;\$_]$9_\NNXH ].L['XK7$


:IX(_P$





^W_(UW% 'H3VOQ%U9]WAWF+I_IUOW_\ U5?T
M^/XFV\F/^$=^7C_E^MZ\IE\%?#Y9$N(?@SQU;_BJ+AJU[&#X=W(^S?\ G_*
GX5\M?MR?VI/\<OFWPSO_;

T_F8SCKTQD_7/M7R_^W)H&


AOL;]/*1'8[!N&)^[Z\]

AL
M_CA-'^T1IVO?VI=MD'0_L+0?9L&.R_UIV^9OVY^Y\N

M#T.3P@4E;SQ



M[_GO:!#\KPJWWHVZY_#N ?JUX3O+G4]*2]NOEDF+?N\YV@.P'.T?RK;KY9_8
M/_:6NOVE/#?B'5)X_*CLS (X_EXWR7(/(B3_ )YCU_#O]34 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444


M7]W!B1]SI$/F!QV(R
)CX

MC\[+
WS-
Q_PK2UOQE\+O''A7XD_#/69]GA#_B69.RZ;=EUN.D2B3_6[.F??
MC-8'PW_: \

M8SUQMH ^=M0^(?ACXL?&KP;XN\.Z/_9



M9!D^9B0=P)/RGOT'%?6?_!5?_DFGA?Z7/_HVTH Y3_@E6)?[2\:E(/-0?8]T


_MX8\?\2FWBV?XY_I6Q'J'Q!\G*^(N?

'E'O_ 



A\0?#S_ )9_&;Z_

 ))_^2S=#_P!W<?_ !(KTS6]0^(=BL(D\1??
O^@VO^YWHS6YY<_B3P'JW-O-\7_,-KC;_Q
M3=QQORW]T5)HOBCP+;YB_P%M_*__4MW':N[




^W_7K_2@+
YB.319MQN/B3]@V]/^)&TF


MD^

3I^A^;N^__ *7;KCT^_P#C



M\9O];C'_ !2GIG_&I/)MO]?_ 



'EGN/^$89L^G7I5G[9-=:QF/XR?-W7_A%:KG0_B1/J=N;C0_*
MV[MO^EVK9Z9Z5I6.D^/X=;'_ !*/7_EO;_W6H M^'H[JU\1%_P#A;/VMF_Y8

M^T7T?E-IY\^:/;^YE27A$=3\L@^\O;CO7T-\8-'^#7[;6M6FHWFH?V7K-N7_


^?/C#Q\2
/[LGW2??M7EGPS^!



?UK#UQ9]/L6:P7SWD*[1OV[

M



8KN[A\I?#X<0_O%;/G2'/11Z#K7





U=-^VC<165
MUX$\3W-EOM=/&H%S\V5WB!5^Z&/WMO0=JY</#&5<\IREB+1_EMV3:Z]6.BXX
MC#JI'9_YF!8Z)X1_9INO^$5^'UAL\8ZT/WEWYD@\DPJ'7Y9B\;925ONXZ<YX
MQR&M?%3]H+4/$46DZ/:?:-;M-YDU#S[$85AY@^1DV\QJ5_X%76^,O!=[:_M


Z=3V4K
M'I5]\8-#\2_8_#_QN\



UEXZ_9^O-+

M)
K[9MEO#Y)$;


M'
?$;6O%UYIVFR^!-6\KP5J09I(_(C'V


M'/[



&JR_O\ PU]H


MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&X5SC9^-4;JV-

M58^8
M?VAOV??#UO;Q^






M/AV6S^*?C*W^+7PWMMGB6



MS
S&W'[E.?O+_JCQCYNIKR[XLZ;\

M*C/^\G#JVY)7;D(1GC((QY)^SE'XG\/LEC\-/#?]OV
I*ZQ+]JB@^;$WV;F?


T*836+#[5-




M]]^UNDR?\?$[;I?^ V)Q_



)']]@?O*?N@_
MRK[$\!_%7P_XN_9SBEN)O-NK6(JW$O'^DD+]U




\5:+X!N/%=W_PCTS-?;1Y







9/US[5N0W?B&Q\40J

M
?/TQUYKXR^'_P %_BG\1K&:\L-#_M@?+_RWLX?[RC^//.W]*]&_:\UJ\^)'

M?V29-V5^PM-G$TOJQZ9_6@#\S/B'\-?B#\+_ +#-XL\.?\(G(RRBQD^W6]S]

XYBB!^\%ZF


V


M$7WNO^@V_:C^TOB1=?\ 



9QU^M+IFJ?%







E:_P#+;DJYK&@_%6: &/3O


?Q;[8'_%-R5K6NG?$?3VF/B#3OM[7&/L_[^WBV8SN^YUS






M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !


W^N
2O_&J_=3N#^'.?@+2
MO?PG^*7[0VHWOQU7[4UC(@


I%A^DVT\-W% 'SMH/



 &

\G_A4OR?

M^I?#_4YM+N-_PE^:39_S




M'2N(M_V/?&7DI=6/PF^5AP/^$DA_K**W?VCM

MK?\ 8?\ %JQ37G_NO[-N9L%U_MR&3S,9QTGXQD_G4'A_P +^)O@YKB?VOX
MV6;$@M_:T?.%*G^-O[_M7
?\)#XJ\.6


_=[5M&7
KG)B

MJ4

3(H^\P!S@]/2OG30
M?V5];^)

+_
W2?C'R]?6D@_8L\:ZIJC7




MX1U7Q!\2CX6M?!GFQJ1C_B;1\?N5E^O\/K6[X!L?#

M+T@
9'5
]NU3?#?P-H%Q\
[[24^)7F73%-S?V')\I6XD;^\1V]JI::')4P]6


?'

M+NM/ZG^PVY



MGX!\)Z)9_!W5;UO /E7:^0/^0S(V3]H:/^_BO
]-_:;UF/29=.N/B5YOV\C?

WT/W?2M*=;]T

M!WXG76EZ]X






GVD?^3]Q0!\E?L7Z]\4]:N/%-I\/+KR@IM/M\/D6LGFX
M65H^9^F-LGW?7GM7O^H:7\9/B=?7'@KQIXH_X1O2IOF1_8;&Y\W#7IP9<
M
@#Z8_99^:?L]_!G1/!*2B;^S_.RX
M1ESYD\LO0N__ #T[&O7*H:+''%I\2Q-NCQE3LV]S5^@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** *&IS7

M0V^HO /M]PJ)MML^5CGKO]NO_ :V]4AN93#Y$_DJ#\Z[-V[IW[?_ %ZR-:MY
M9H[Y(?\ 0+@A
7./-SU_@_3_ (%6M/W9QD88C^&?OPU\;:__P )MX'L]:\
M?\(9#*^H?9IO[8COOMFV&1F&U%)C\OCDC.[VKU?QM\#ET?7+[6FZ7AB7_OE
M57^_7C?A7POK^F:CX1U76O'G_9PVZWK6T/]CQV/V+(8
=R_ZWS/E//3;[U]




M$3?QL?\ GIV-#6
VD^

G^L]*\B%&I

@C/\ RTZ^








MX!^7=W[5V8;#U




M[%\*YP^K?Z_R\


?#O_$HTGP^ ;G4]\


MS?V/;S[O)78.9G9AAC)TQG/?C'O/[

[NY\5^)O\ A(YMJE9/L



^





R?(6+MEB/N]


MM]X:UJ;PEIG]EZ:PM\0^?)/_ !3?QR?
?FW]:^FJ^=?V0E\5-#XFF\5V/]G7

M?VLOVH=&^
FCZKH/B:X^U:CH_E^0_ELG$QA8\1(J]$7N?P[_ &7\(+'^SOV'

M;]LL
'1$18]BP)VY\S_9KZ^^$%]_:/[#DD5O_J8QA/\ P:O_ (4 ?GQ^R7I=
MK

YK5OC]HD5K;^=/&9_/??MV9M9=O'?H?RKWC_@I


M/]HU^5/QRT;P98^./%4K:?P!:8F\ZX_YY1]J_3BQM_ U[X1TEV\3?V
09
2?



MZ#_PN'RR
EC_ 





MYN/O?\4Q

M#?\ T7S_ 
LR3_XB@3_ (1GP_=?ZSX)_8-O3_BJY)=_^&/ZT?\ '^&_P#H
MDG_ER24U?''ANXS_ 
7L^WX_ZE22+9_XZ
Y_I3O^$P\-_P#16_\ RVY* )K?






V['7HQ]1^=9UQH?PNDQ_Q;OI_P!1VXK7
MM?&5MIY;^S_CC]EW_?\ ^*4:7=CIU4XZG\ZT;?X@7
F?^+^]/^I-_P#L* .+

M_P!A5BW^)ESS_P 7]_\ +-_^PH X6[\)_Z/R_\ BW?7/_,=N*(?#OPNA_YI
MWU_ZCMQ7HO\ PLYNU_Y+[]W_J3?_L152X\=7
./^+^]?^I-_P#L30!Y[JVF
!?AEJNGW=W'\._FLPI_P0[<?Q9_\ B:RM'A\ 33R17/P[_=)@+_Q/;CW_
M /K5UEU\1-7AC$MG\??D7_6?\4:OX=4^M9EKXVUO69GDM?C[^]3&[_BC8^__
M  #VH R[F^\ JUQ;3?#O]PN!%_Q/;CWS_2N4D\+_  UU.\W-\.^ ?^@[==_H
MPKUFW^)EY



-
^$Y#H7]E'_3

?O+/O


M!($9?NK&PPZ]F[U\W:U\2/ _PO\ VNO%OC'QO;_:[K219#3H/WR[A+IRPR_/


4DW^KCB7



9!Z'%

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH JWEM%=%%DB\PKEE]L8J'[5N1IY
MX=D:':,\YR0*-:DN8[*0VR;GDYRO'3^]QTW5^9?PGT_]I[QM\1O%]LS^;HU
MN;4LG_$KX!ADQ_$'^^* 

M
#BV?HX_&OHS]D'XFV=K\







M3_J9)* -R77OBA'?6@;Q%^Z;?N_T&U_N\=*M:=J'Q
NM:='\0YMB5Q_H-O\
MW16%J?@_39(XI?\ A4G^KS_S
DG?'^%8?]CZ;9R^9_PJ3[__ %
DG;_]=$OA
M,:W.G'8\N^)$_Q$\/?%C2-0U#6/M%F/-V'[)NW-NBGI_O#\JZWXA?!_P ?
M^

MVXEW$R)O^XP QA.OK7S!IO[

MGW.$Q.*IQ31Z[=?#CX\6\+W-]X@-M

MTX_

M



9B9X'&8B.\%!?BCZM
MM+_Q!INO7MO90^2K!-W^IY^7_:^IKP'P/#XMD^/E[+_LY_Y8_P#/J_I7KFJ:

_P J^?\ X;Q^#F^.US%'X'_AY_XFLG_/

:\)B\2][P_

MS[1+YB$3?VQ(GE?Z(?SS_2NA\3?'3P#X1U^]M+_X8^9+L7

G[B.+;M1

M:OVJO#OA5H-








M ![_ //O+7-?LJ^*O%8T+Q?H
G^MG^R!/^/?^_
I_O^U<
MDH^SARGU-93DL5B)[OD_QVGCS_A86B-=Z4WW(#&R_\ 'O\ Q[6_K7L7Q&_X

NI/F_\36;TB Z_0T?$





MC54BN-#\WR_N_PEV:XS_.H?M'Q;_PA=_\ )ZSKSFT\._#V/?-9?#S/.QO
M_P*GN%QCI_




M_P %


M!.*[TC2OBIJ6IZKJ/V);5H@D?D-)YN^WN(SR.F-P[=Z]Z_:H\


MG
63]WOV[L$=\&KI^_4C PK_ 


OB#0/%7

X4O'DC9;#[Q?/S2G^&O1SR



M[.GR_=3M76?&K4-0U+]FW2;T#D_:?\ P-1:YY4?J^/H4Y[J_P1Z

M5U)]!O+K5OA3X1TE8]^K#[0EFV_;C

OMFR*
MS\K$?DZ?R9&6(\DYZENJM^'?ZWL[75OAGI]KXG:V^T6.E;[0?,5=OF-L3@Y
M)^9^P/2O2K[Q7:ZU\+[SQB?Z-
VP)M8'*W'EGDX!^8'L*\-Y@X\^%IK1M7^
M^YM4PDZM'VQ\F?!?XC3_ !8\.:#XBNU^R7
BSG4GPLGF$/(L'&U5&$B'W!WY
M[5V_[5?Q4\&+X*T[Q1K]]LU+1A
U@/(N.?
EB1_NJR_=7^)3[=ZX_P#9QT#Q


%JX
M9^RG-1\G:Z\O0ZO:^T=CH/%W@'P%\.]0LO%7QDUO_A(O%;;CI=O]EFL_((C5
M)E\RU8QG<AB^]TV_+R:Y/]IG7_BCXL\,P:\ES_PK_P %PGQ^79ZCYP
T:9S





MSC[['U/2M[3Q!8QBUMXA D7!C#[MI//]:NSW$D.SRX?-W9S\^W%?&U
PQ6);
M3E9'T%&BJ:5A^GWGVJ:?'W%VX_6KM5K.260-YD7E=
?/NS5FL4G%6;-WN%%%
M%
04444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M %+4%C9XL_Z[GR_TS_2J6IZK%H6GO=ZA)LC7 .
]V [?6KFHV\#20W
W6#.W

U=##QJ5E?J8U:O)&Q\
MZ?M6?M):+JFJ^&KV+0?MUMIIG+WWVIH?LWFK#S@Q MGVSC;[U=^/7Q5\&^*O
M!&G:SH_BC[/KD2/Y-O\ 8II-Y+Q(WSLH0;5#'GTK3L_VJO@3X:^'[:3XDU?R
_.?:OG/6O!OAK0_&EAX]M?#__ !3<L<NR[^VO
MVA\ECL?Y_P#6D]17Z/E]-46IP7+[/K_
?



MS+;;MRF _OF8*





M5P5E_CYS[4ZX\2:[^S3;VGA+2;K'C2Y5A
IV]$?S$ZJ\?^JE[$?GMKWWX+Z]

?*







MP:K_ &:D84(OV2:;S

 ?ZMDZF

MZQY6BZ3K\R?Q?9O
_!DQ_
U:^'^N2:]^T9IEA=Q[/LS2F)O7?:
Q_A'MW-4]





%E.'9S
M_P O#=OX]NC7]G2V_8D^

M_6R'=)]1JS?AW-?(/_!063XLZQXT\5Q:\?
TS2EM1;M_H@SYD=NS\(H;[P'7








M3R/+MXO
X3=OSO3[V

Y-?=GP7^*'Q USP+'8^%O#OEP+N'_'W;O@&:7'W



JUY0!ZS!_PMZZ)\SP-]WI_

\#?3_ (FM

MO
^#?_0C?^5:\H ]?:W^+T^/


_
M]/UY+O\ \



MV/Q__P!$P_\ *[;UYQ]J^$MM_P S=][_ *A-Y1_:GPE_Z&[_ 
I-Y0!Z;!'X


M;7?M-JFH_KS4GSG_BH(UQC']SZ]ZV/$%KJ7AV+[!\)?]9G_F9%[8]?K7E#
M:)\
%:[ZM\+O#L*?VAXB_UG_3C==OI]: .



.F
?\3VWJ
M?^QO&W_1



MN[BVTCX3A%0*)C_PD

C\Z^8?VF--\*M^TE

M:J_\$E;/;X8\3R?[%I_Z
NZ9_P %+;23['\/RVE_V;&AO]A^TB7S/^/;TZ8_




&3[/:]#:^5


M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB


^-'B.Y;3?)TR_
!
GGZ;\




I?^5*S6@#FK?4/!NI*WV/XJ^5
ML^__ 
4_



\:LK-]N;GY\G_5ICN.IKQZU.^I^NX/-%4P4:


OS-U(7^)3Z]O6OO@?\2?#^O?$^^N3\4_M9 V
M_P#/R)_RS9?[H_NU[[\4K/XEVOAO4?M_ACRHOW?D?Z=:\_O%W?=_O+?@[\
M:#\

M OP9^
^L:Q+XN_MN2Y





XQVKC?'/QFTKP=HNHP^'?A]NGN-F

4_B]X^BPN*A0G4=./*G;73S*'@;2;/0_BR-+\+?$C^
MS;0?\?B_V$TN[;$[)_K&)&
/]WUY[4WXX?$O1#XPL] 'Q=^SWBL1(/\ A'&/
M/E1N.3Q^7K7I/[-7PK\86?A9_%
/A/\ LIM38EO^)E#/O\N26(=6.


MP_X2@N/B5_;4$




[JY[X9_%3P


F:3JVJ^&;7XA_V7

MP_W_ %/6N7TW2]5;X\6VKZ9X



MJY-X












MQYT/V&ZC\LQQNPY/!SD_E7N7C/37D^*VM6%K#]HCC6VQ]V/K;AOXNO6OT# N

MZ)()#+)]JC'2*:X''E#/0]ZZ_P#:Q\-^)3XZM]=T*+[-!I.X-_JO^6D
$0^\

OA56[O^;/*_P!L[P?HW_:7UKH$&_6+;9]
MH'F.NRV[I]YB#T;I7MO@6_\?^-?A[ID/V/]Q#YID_?V_3SF ]_X37RS:^/5
M^

)QMGE



?\(QK:B0:O9^9=78E)5H(1YDC*HPJL?E4?ZSGF
MO*_B5X?\;_!O7[][7P7_ 


2NV




M;Q@GS)=-OO/0PF+V/O:S619)?
Z\?UJW7(?#WQQHOCR&\O\ 1;S[7!E-Q\N1
M
=0/OJ/0]*Z^OE;-:


6MWKY6V\M+GE8?SAB:CZ?\ ^7Y/ W@[]HKX::E\4/!OA/_ (17
MQ#&$



?$9L?L


.:TG&--5I;

?VOI=C_ 
P\Z+'#Y'F.(/\

MVQ_!GB#1T^P7'B!K_P#MF4F
?:3!I^R$[6X&U2R_*!TYSQ7T/\7_ (J:/\']








#_$VN:AX7T6\.
M;VU^U.W^I[K'(/NY'W0O<UYO#<93JWG+I^74VQW+S-1V.W^&_P /X? G_!^
M&[.Z^SW-G]M5EV;MV[
G5F./O_PGO]*] _:4U[5?OC3P,GA/1_[;\13^WK


PQ_W^.%#_ )^N*X:E=U\RY).Z1IA_





ZU

M=#-XUU-Y$

M:]+TOP7JKZG=2S_#K[*
1['_ +9C;S/EYX[8_K57Q-X.\2/_ 


MW6Y(2O\ PMO_ 




M\0:W(T@_X7YTQ_S)L?O5K^W-;_Z+Y_Y9L=6Y/ASK\1S'\ NO7_BLH_\ XNF?
M\*_\2?\ 1 O_ \H_P#XN@LNL:W)

<_P#%91__ !=+??#3Q#<3*R_ /D=?^*RC_P#BZ +&
4?\ \70! OB36[<_\E\Z_P#4FQU;M_&&MQY_XOYU_PI

CK.L_A[XDA+_\ %@NN/^9RC_\ BZL_\('X


M?\(CJ3*#_P 

_9O'WE?WO^)-;MGTI


M72Y(?L?[/OF^9G?_ 
5ETQC'\1]36E#X1U*:'_DW?I_U.5 &E9ZAXVM9)3_P



M]LBRT?\ X:&\*_;O#W]FWNZ\P?MK2\_9+?/3CTH ](_X*;2_:+;P K6_E1;M

MJ&Q-BC9S;]QU_'TK*_X)

?\ ?R[H \5^#4GB+6?VR-1D


M-@'(RS!1\D+]?6OJ+]IK6OB5^SS-H_B_0M*-\=#\YKV;?:H95F$
47#B3H7_
3IDANY^WQ<XA!S\
MT(;AMW7'7O0!^CF@2+-;/)_RU9OG_I6I6?I-Q<W7FRW%I]E)P /.\S.,@].E
M:% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!6O;=[A5
M59?+'.?DW9JHJBXAEMXY]TJ;1N\K[O.?Z4_7]2L])TR6ZU3R[)












?\ _?_ S8Z .$U*S^

9_CV

M6YWC_D.W7&-OI]:P-:^$OP


&O^


MW'3^J'G+


M1KC_ 



G5_\ B11_A_6GR&U+
L7'&T&X=_R/ K;]GOX(

M2L/Q/_?Q_PM_P*?A;KTZ_0TEGXT\86\Q$WQ/X.
?\ %/PK_)32Y(=0_M+'


M_
'?FC)V_PG7G?_ ('[5KZ+
M\OAYX?F
]EX=]#_ 
?UQV_WV/KVKU&;7M4;4)%7XM\QX_YEN/O_ /JK;A\3


+?_

M'_BFX_QK3C\=:I'#Y;?%KG_L6U_I1R$_66M^IY1J%A\-]'B@M[?_ (D&[(;_


@?&K4K[0_%NF_;
MK73?+$4GGR1^5O29NB,<M%'^5?3?Q=\5ZE^QSK%^VGWYA\)71C*0E%?'EI'
MW822?ZR?VKY_8A_: \3_#_X@#1/EE]KM?$3C^T6WPKL%O%
\?^L1B?O/\
M=(Z=^*^N?B-K7@#6/C]?:1\7IS_9^(?(MQ!.

M
(%;9MQD9_&OS)_8Y^-5[X(^


M[D;;L7^[US_2KE4-'M8[*T2WC.Y8UP#T[GMDXJ_0 4444 %%%% !1110 444

Q=
_
.]:VK



8?L4

P
M&$^7V1+ [=%./FC3IG\._D7Q^TW5]/^


EF
?B




MNE__ $HAK?%XB/\ :.$JQZN2^Y)&^$J1C02?]:FKX%T?4YO#?AR_TB/??6IG

QX']_S .@C_U:GO7)Z+XZ

1B


1'3CO7
:


19/-5BR;)'5N0,Y]J\
M\_: ^&OC[Q)HO_?R^._^$C\$::O[C3_ .RH;7RUE=+=_G!\P[GPWW6QGMGG

MY@W;C;[U]U_&[QI:Z/X5M=:76#H%[ W[M?(:;&616&T*5/RD]?PKYRL?ASX$


OC#6;


?A;_ *

-&U#1;?\ M'7M





M9&/*K#XUVR/^%24U:=7(6%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1

M=3Z5A_$#X@Z;\/\ 34O]2.V/^'AC_$JG[JG^\.U?)&O?\%$?#/B[4'\/^'6V


^
6E^V


M^9HBO)./+XX(S\W:;\)_!6H?#NZU*[US^Q_#MB4_TK[%-+_K)]C#RP0W+$KR










MR^[F9WXRT\7)KR_)$'AWXIZWX;UR[O/#.J_V5I0
8U9_(67=E2(?OIN'S.WW



M]N/





M]HQESD[K7:@_=PP^OY[J[+7/VBM0N/BEJFE_$:\_L[Q/IZ(?#&D;//\ .\V'



MFW_^


M4A_X3EE_\?H_X=[_ !S_ .BHC_PG++_X_7R/;_MU?%&RW?\ %S_O?]0*W[?]
ML*F_X;X^*/\ T5#_ 

1_'[_HHG_E#T[_ ./T?\
1

M*S_^


MRA:?_P#&*/\ AXQ\=?\ HHG_ )0M/_\ C% 'T\O[$_[2MOGR_B)UZ_\ $BT_
M_P/T[_AB_\ :9_Z*)_Y0M._^/U\QP_\%'?CK#G_ (N)U_Z@5C_2I/^'D?Q
MU_Z*)_Y0K/\ ^
4 ?2S?L7_M


MS_HHG_EL_\ XQ0!](?\,E_M1?\ 11/_ C:4O\ [7H_X9+_ &HO^BB?^4G2



M_P!#S_Y2=*_^+KYY3_@IY\=&S_Q7'_E)L_\ Y%IW_#SKXZ?]#P/_  4V?_R+
M0!]$0_LT_M;+DS?$3[*?X?\ B1:5+N_\?X_^O5B+]GW]KBUSCXG_ $_XIO2/
MZO7S=_P\X^.^X%?%OVH#K_Q+;-=O_DK_ )Q5Z'_@J+\:XA^]UWS?7_0;/C_R



M:7_!)&&SA^'?B

M#_PIXQ\;?&SX@+H_CS_A!+6U^P?:+C^QH=1\W=:MMXD8%-NUON]=W/05].MX

O .E_M ^


I/][]:Z@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
7:R(_W1]UOX@/;O7V[







MO)-A1GCN?EC8YZK_ *S\.]?1^@^&?C#\1O#=GK?@3]H+9H8WC^S_ /A[5N


MM

MI[5]!G_@K!\/6MK69K3[*]R&_CN&W8Q_TZ^] 'DMC_P4(U34;&)-/^ .(X2P

MCQ)_T0+_ 


5Z




M8KUN#_@K9X D+#T_Z^/_ )%J7_A[1\/_ //VC_Y%H \FM_\ @HMH#1R?8_@1



_\ ER7'_P C




I?\%8OA3&8ECM/M6[.?WETNWIZVO^<5G_!







R/RWS'YE[@=.]=)7F?[/OPCT'X#_#N
MR\Z!+YMMI._/^LX\V627^-W/WI'_BKTR@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****




3I(?X1Z5XC



O

[N?(N=/^UFW79N
MW;Y6#=QCH.QK876-;DT&^T/5-/\ W'[K;-Y\/3SY^4 'T[UXO\ :V+O.C*5
MH)J_WG7+#4*E\]SYE_9/G36O 




M&-#L+-&


*.9)/^$C5/(!7R@=IWEL[C_#QCWKZ1^%/Q.MOBMH*Z

MT^.TNKZ5-/%F\VW=()M_FXW=NV



MB8\GO6^W[?GACPOHT=KXFM/L6I-N;R?
DD\_#!F^98=J87/4\Y]J\*\8:%XT





M9Z#6O@GX
L=3T_4O']_]JUR


M(D

97CGQ#



MSLR 8\MCP3]VO9QTH4Y^S^'S_ET_IG#@L+/$KG/1)O&6D?$/]KKP3_86L_VI



K'L1W


M7JQ]N]?2O@S]H32/V@/


1O
7]K;[.OSLNULI&?N@].<<9\=^
WA8:+IFF^
M([!-\5N9%_UFW+$QIC\26_@KUW4O$4?B;5K'5I-*_LJRLQ(VJ1_:FFSN!$/!

M_A'0_'TAT+PU9M=G^V51[LRJURLBGR80'7#I$O4_?ST4U\VJ;A**G&S6Z/;E

GDFO

O[I_WB;9
K\_7&1P17TU7F


M&O\ P;\0?VRL)03#[))!L)(3[MS-D_


2V
M$[\

/(

M. 

AV_8XV)&




M*RXS*%?D7!7[K=Z /I&U\=?LPMXHBVL8?/#^8V-4DWX4]MIQU/YU:M?''[)F



.#<9.=






MQL






PP7LWF;I


MI7PAX=_8(U/QO\&;+Q'X=B%A?6J2MJ&'0[R9S''_ *R;C 5NGKS5SX9_\$V?
M&WQ4\

M[?
R@^^PSWZ5:F^'O[

^WKB@#ZY;P=^R?99N#:_9GO.<^9JC;MO'J?7]:9'X/_95B8R..OW?^0I7
MPIX?_8(3QMX0UN^T)?[-OM(\J.X&_=YAFE*K]^X&, 'IGK4?P@_X)]^+?C-X
M;N;M;C8T;(SM^[YR6Q_RW7_GEZG\* /T$T7X6?LW:W+(VFV?VJ/AI/WFI+C&
M<=6'O3+_ .&G[-^Z?4#I'_'KC?\ Z7J]?E_O^]?G]^T?^QYK'P5\&:-;7L/


M9V_O-4;/3_:-?%$G_!/^ZO\ XG?%;PQX9B^P1^$VTLO\ZMN^TP^:O^LF/3!Z
M

M_*CS-27&WYN[#TI-8^#/[
4\@_M;1\FV^5#]HU3C=R?NO[CK7P/^T%^Q&?@3

M!Z$]

P#/:_:X8.
KM&


OB'[#X=Z)#]A6; VMNY;OO9ZT =1\O@K

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB







_8_L?VKK/PU]HO/LCZ.UU_P L
MV?=YQ@STE3IY'OU[=_SC^





M_LFTX(DVGHCC_EH.U 'T=_PZ8738U6S^(G

MD^$HM0T_Q\8KF-F+_P#$FT\YW2D#_EFN/N'U_NJ\4?$3]HOX6^_P#A);GQ



M^'O_  E



?M_Q*FX^5O2Z^E?/W@CX]?M7^/K%+NR\79ZA


MHE_X)&QKK?\ ;\?Q0^O_ !3?_3/R_P#GZKQWP'^T%^U#\9M:U33+?Q%]J:QV

M_!(NWU]N+J;XG_O+S;L_P*;;^%0IZ77TZU#_PZ&U+3VPOQ0S;]_P#BGXUX


8^7J3UK1\
_'3

29
M4V[?E[77M^E4M8_X)

M;.C_&_]J6\\2/I/_<_


?]1I7&

M3]8U






'_D$Z?W


MNX^+?[7G@6QANKC4?-





E@ WF?+!R]V7Z#S


MQZ31*1\RR=^W/% #/@W\ _B7K7Q&N?C!X&O?M&J::-IL-MN-H:%[3&^:50WR











R1+_$P_N_W:^DP-&K43P
Y
N+='@ ?Z@V\I^\NWH#_$I],]
ML#P3:GX*_G5]?TL9E\-O#_9N<_\O%P8I?O;S_RU'4


MT7NV072_

8G8CDJ?[QZ5\F:A^UA\.IM6BM]1\/[KNWW;Y?MUT-I*#L(B.WM

M:9&/^N4YQT[5SX?&Y?AX5
+B*7-4;6O;4YJ^&JU*)S'PEUJRTNUBU/09O
L]



_PO\??VAXE\ ^)


MC



R6]U]I:4E%_X]6&S;MB['.[T#5Y;-XU\:_$#X[7
MOBKPC%GP_IRQ_9)O]'_Y:V@C/$@S_#)]X-[8&




_%LNQLQB'[RC&.
\X[6;]J#4+/XBWWB70M)^T



M]V2LSV8U%47-$****904444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

M^9?:
LAB3Y1D2F.-N3]1VKX^^*7[2FL?$F2S^'=YHGV/0=3
@N[C[4K9:()-


#F='#N-.O#F71]CCGA?:'Y_?%WX#?#?P6OP[^&]K

OC#X_C6-6L!J3^$%'V.W

M/*A[Q1+%L5RV1B
M29XS^[DE_+U(J72?'G@#Q9K5G>7/BW^R_%UN76^A^PW$N
Z\!?'/X;ZU\4++PE_8/C



^ /A

WW8V]6.

?CL!B


WAFWUKX@+I7BK6_LDVI;SH.I_80WW8UDF_=KP?X(_





3PS
O[U








M$?%GQZ\48_L/^S?#%OUN?M5N^[]WUV[A)P\/ZU[U\)_CU!\1_'WQ!6Y\*?VW

?#'A?QQ_9U_'N



_:*N_%/Q+U'QWY7PS\)FU-MX?

MS?;%FMI=O1F$?EK(/NDYQSC%?0OQ^_8$FD\;ZI\2/!WBW%S'Y7G:%_9V?
8P

M[X]KMNDPW[Q#C/RX!YW_ !1^T!XK;0]=^
7PXO?M=Q?W6:/R(Q\R.+8?--$
M0/E\SHM=Q\1X_&GQL_9QU3XC:_XW_P$7\+RA'2S_LFWN\!;M;?[Z


CA=N&;Y(^<8/45/H'[55M\<O
M#VK^)?'_ (R_L+X?6:PA=&_LW[1NWR^4?WT

M\4?&C2O'GC/Q:?$_ART-PL=A_9RVWF!K=H/OPWLN&-]SG;CO6E\:/V!#X+

O%7
MQ4\.ZSXAMM8_X2CP#X;\LZ9!]GAL_L N2RSG)7S9/
E5F^=6V[?EP#SZ!H?Q
+&TR6\_LG
M0;<)Y?[M9O,WJ6/(BC=?WEN.OK[5C^'_ -A/6OVB/$W_  L37?%GV;P;= V




(OH.D[6M[O[/;W?V[SKEIG.P[7BV'=U+;M


-


8P8D


ZWP\
M*W5AN^Q1K;M=?:6D:'S/E


M8(?+9=_VV((?]=&%^[$_4/UZCOUGPITWXH^-_=_X.N+_P#X0S4[7R_ML7V6
MVO?-1G,T?*[538.%)/S\XP



M
XSSCC/LG[2'_!._0OBIX/\ #UAHMZOAW7-*$PLF
$EU]H\QX7;B2=5CVJC_
M 'L_ZSCD#(!XQHOC74?V@O&7B#X

_LOP-J#6HO9/-27[D9NXN'2_PM



7]C]C^SWIL;.[QO@=V&PK&#D6Y7ECC?G^&N@_X:O\ '5UX
MZ_X9^?5_/\;'.?$ M(4SMC%^W^C&(I_J@8^)/]KKMK@IO@3XQ_;&33;32_'6
MR&Q

M=$5WZ^L$GSYN5D!^SRW/EC!H^/7L* /.+?XI:]X=^*T/P2
7VZZEW?\)/J




M]YK6[Q. X

M[_:-J22O^[W2*FQ9-OWOFZ]ZX_2?V?M0O/VPFN;GXN_\5^&5?L__  C:_P#0

M)VC_ -8.F[J0%R/B_P#!WQG^TAXJU_1+/7Q/KMJEN;[4C8PIY&](VC_=ED5]



M 3]G7X@?LI^/M%\+VFOE_PUFF$6H_8K93*(H9)G^1GEV[3,R\L,XSWXYOXD
M?/Q5JW[3GPR6X^)N_XAZV-2


4M
^)W



L%)QW;IZ?KGQ




MBD


PR1P7?[P(V[AU
M_P!:H]N]=+?_ !.7X'_%BV^*7BKQ/_:*^)#(LUJ;+RMJV\(@3YHT)Y
J=%3I

.M:QXEU.Q_M_P_.$(7?:P_92!Y9Y#N3EY^Z_PU-^V-X1\


;D





M)IT^L_V%X
F^9H_L

V/]*1NS!_]8O?/7TS0!S_B;]J6Y\-Z;\5OC%X8T@W6

M8;

M5NBYZ
7DWR
O4C&SC@BN?^'/[%?CGQOXNL]=^(NJ^7\
T5LV'V6W/F@HR*-\
M


*9YYYK9^*3:;\ ?#/B#0



M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B





MYZBO./&7Q/U_X5^'8O-EH?^CR?\MOMR]R/T*D_\M.QH ZS]BGQ%=^&X?$_
MQ%\7:O\ 8=%\%FT

M!/!WV*XODE\W4/[1DGR8X/L@_=;3C ('W!T[]3PW[/G@^7XY?!#XFZ/IMG]O
M\1JVEE(_/


MZ'C:O7C^$=*X^Z^//@[]G;]FG3O#$OAC[7-=-+FT^WRCS=M\9
;A&V/]=WQU

M0;3X4^/M!T^\T?P;Y_B#14D)C_M*[3=YS#'+J$^XIZ9H ^A_ ?[2FB?\)9J.






:ZK*VZ92<$<=
MN*-#^*.@?L\P^

M5SY?C+34E^U+FXEWB20S(
IF

&'^LS]U:
M/2?&OQ.\*?$C3__@ZQ']BS^'%NQ-;[YKC#3[9L;B@'&#_$W7MW]FUOQ9:^'

M:MX[DU7RP=5^?2OFBOF8-]GNB?[TZ]O]7GHRURGP+NK&3X+W6A?%-O[*\07V
MPPQ[&?(2YDEZP87[OE]6'7C/- 'H'@W]K3PCXFUJ/6]%^&N=)UDL9M0_MN;Y


=


ON&_I(

M$K]@6Q_L?1M=_M6.]8K+-]DMX/+5
-T9Y



/_!/[4+_
M 

M\0_A?X9BQXQTL6#2KMF'G-+





MRH?^$?$EPN[]ZH'^DI&%^[M?KST[U\7:U\=+W]G+QA=S?=_,O\ Q?Y:SV9
M\];2/'W[E7V[?.F;C;G'?M;U/X

#<
M?NR!N0





@'MVG_$[P#I
MWP9\?GXB6N'\4-??:--\^X3/V:Z-RAW0(VW/[GNOXXX]-_9F_:4\%^)]
U
M+PW:Z6?#MKX=$8@!DN+L2_:&F9CN:+*XP?O%L[NV*^3?VC-4^'$_Q.USXX^'


.WRO*:'/+'=OP.AKN?VQ/&VIZUK'A73?@IX9^VZ7H1N'GNOM
MR_O/-6V=/DF&X;6#CY&;.


GS PD8:U_B!Z\=\
M@'IWQN\5?KXV?\ %?ZSX5-Y:Z:X2&]-]=0[O-6*'[B[3]Y8_P%OP[]EX$\




MN_'/QZU[5M=T#SOUDTR3_;@/
5[9U!PC!Q\P3L1ZUZ7XS^*'Q]D^)EMI/B
_ O6M8\0?#V
MPO/$<_G^(7\P7APHZ32/A0%^X%Z5Z%0 JTZFK3J BBB@ HHHH **** BB



M!ON*
Y$8Z^E=GX4\.VR^(+[P)JK[=(M_*-BO'S*5\Z3[GS=2O_ZLUPOA3P5\







LQ A^\I'W7?N*9\'_B
MAX?U#PG_ 
)3X;M_LUC=G+KOD?I))&.74?WFK8_:/@CT'XU^ =5U YL+D:@@

JOM:^MMK7Z;?

M*O$^Y8/DN&W&W3:WW&


3JIZ?6O)Q%+#XQRQLJCI5$_=A;F;

LT9PVQEVE




MVOCY!J7Q1\4:;J/ART_M74O!IF
_[R.#RQ=Q1A?O[5.8T;H#C';OW?PT_;*A
ML$DTS5]#\K6SU'VMFW$
X'W8BGW2O0UQ5UXHU/\ 9S^+5VG@S3O[2MK\H/$)
M\Q8-H6$&U_UN[.?.;_58QCYNJUZW\+/$E]\7/B9;^*%T/R;7[W_'U&V28&0_


MK2:(2$$U^?UL2L74=5*U_P!-#Z:A'DIJ(MNVZ%#[5)2 ;1BEK WBBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 9(
XINWYLT
MYSTJ.1MM9N7(_4F2MJ4M2EAEN(+.9-YF#
OMMQ_C51I+AI)39RAVBP#$?\:X
M#]HSXTV'P/\  5QK]VHFF5?W-N79/





-!)W[T?!;XQ:GX]\
_$7QA
MI?@;[)X:OS8



9'5FSN[8K%^
'
MQ*T[XO21Z#X9T+_A



M(=2H/&[MZUE5IU
XS:E#2]G"TU;WBNKUW..6E)([/4/S:I(SRR^;8R!#!
M][@!@#TY[#K7L'P[T6TTOPS=6^G_ .O;9N^]V=L=?J:\T_8SU*Q\1? ?0)9I



1:7[:TWRHXMQ\APG

M=?;

M'A
4 Q



M9WQRC?+%Y?ES*/\ EG

7RR+E9.M




M4//YD?[WY[EA\D;LJX5U]


OV'_&'A^/XC:^VM?V5I%RNGFX


MCJOW%;IGWQQ7[7Z]H]GXDT]].U&#[1I\XQ
GF
?\ @7X9^&OA


M&U
 V0KL*QS


M



M)_CSXRZQX5O_  %JG]F3V)NS=/Y


MKA/'WP?\%_$&\BO_ !1H8N;^$/Y



Z']E7X
MKZA)\
M2L[_^W/#@74_LT(MK6+[&I&R0%GFWON?=U'&WWK]9?!NDMH_ANTM[




M#='CC\
::--:5@LL+74EP J

=UCS6QM^O?^E 'B/[
M;GPHUCXO_L^:]H/A\[=4F6V$#;U&
*/[(6W6\V'[##-G?-$W_+*5A_RUA[GK7[&SO<27LL$<_D85=@V;MW7
M/TKCOB)\*_?Q=TU-+\:::NJPVIW)%]LEBR2R-_RS8'[T:4 ?EGXG_9=\=_$
M#X;7UYX+\7?\)99-*GG1_P!G0V?V;]\%'
DH+[F63[H.-G/45^C_ .S!X3\0

MOE5G8?ZUB1\SO^==D;BY6ZLT8%6D!\P'';'I]30!Y[^T=X-?QM\'];T&&Y%M




_BQ\%M2M_A/J7FZ#\A9#&B@_Z0S?\O#!
MO]8DWW?Y;:_1#]CCP#XO^'GPEM/#OC+][/;%O+_U?)^TSN?N
1W6N[\!_#?0


MK;R)(MI

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

3?PNI_Y9^_

M+_:'VI+C_2UG\SRF
Z]=Q&/
/1QG/M77:5^T'X;U#QI_P@.K?Q8'_+;_ )YF

MZ

#G8N


6

 BLZ\


)M['.9';.QQU]: -;PG'-K6@B34U\N:XW2'8J[-K


W]CI=-
M

M?P[]C\*/@AH?PS\'Z/X8O9#?WL8E*S+)+'OS
\OW0Q ^]W- %K]GV\GUSX4Z





.IK[_\=?#/2?&7@#6M#MK5K*+5Q+JZQ(P7RYU=?E9






_Q=#7S[^S_ /L3W7[/?BF?

MTK^R8]+6S6TC^U1W&?







M8?K]IB[M=-\-_V_^T6TGVJ&'R


M*S[/0]



M;/





74-OC8]L4^:1&_O/]W'3G/%?
G[2'
M[0/Q-^.MUX2N-(TO^Q4LOM@F@\^WNM^_R\#+(O3R3]T'KVXK]6M6AL[S5-.6
MX(\Y?
$2;
[LK@_-_#VKY:_:L_8/L?VD/%4/B#4O%?\ 8YM03'!_9S7'+B).
MHE3_ )Y#J#U[=P#Y4\:_M?\ BCQI\=/!.BW'AK^Q)[
WK7%Y]JAE^V[[
2 [
M##^[V[3T/._VK]6+:4MY$@'SX(D_ X_H:\[\._FPN]%TUUJW%]/HOG?9+Q








OO$1


MTWA6









G&!BL:7X8?&O3[?4/^$TLO[5\,
MQK&86WV4/E;MQ;B(B1LRM'ZXV^]?0GA_QIXNOA+/+9S?8M'0@']W
^W
Y)Z


I
M5]RAOIM]ZYW7]3F^*GBS7-:^&_AHV?C=6ASKWVSSL9B5!^XFVQ?-#&Z=_O\



MC[WWOX%7U4G^'M7-A
-?LI^!M8M])O-!6S^U6MTT
M1;YU7:JO-(.OU/Y5UW[9/C[4/#O@ZU\&V?AK[?*L;!$^W1Q8P\+]=IKW;X8^
M


M3X?_ -E:9HQD6*[_ +;DF_UTY8_)!M8Y9(QW^]VK\,_LX_'P_;OJ/_  LU








V-M_9EQ/M

6
M'DVX=N6DB3MC&1D#A?\ A%?A3\
_'5]KEOXM_L[Q'$5;5+/^SKE]H:
I;_
/








MY/137M5YH+?'K2=+\1^!O$W_  C?B&!IP^PK=[]Q$?_ U9$X2
_P )ZUY=
Y.49?O8Z<=Z\+NO$'P9^)$ES
MX5_X33R-,F*SF_LJ^D\_:5=^P*X9/XCWXZ&O4OAK\'M._9A%KJ'@Q_^$IAN

MXD_MC_%'4='\0#[/\.M)9






V6#PM6-&C.VBULW
MRNVOKITZ;F6'AR0.Z\/_ !


G'?Z[^



V]6
M\WE3T/3&.WK7LG[:'BSPIX'N/!OBW7+7SH[7[6S?/


DQ






J=0%/RQ]CWKFP.&^L.&*K2M[/5_/2]_0]+$-0H1IQ
M.)_9=\;^%_B!\9M*\0^'=&^S7NL&3^TKK[1
VQH;.6*([)




9YDDS_<Z#'W?^ U[M7QN84U1Q
M4X+;_/4^EP.M/S_ #BBBO/.X**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
\67L-E:RI+J7V(2KA'V
M,^T C=P.#P3UI4U?$TT9UOX9\9?#_7_%L+^'_$'BK0_^$1L_#37*:/+]JAO/
MM37.8IN(\E=K!/O*<[^.AKJ6OY?@[\'];\<ZSXA^U7FK_9_W7V)HOE2Y$6,J
MN3_K/[H_'MYI#X8^),&@Z0=9UG_A,/#NH&X\A/LEK8?8]K@R<CYI=S'OTV?[
M5=Q^T-XCM]$^!.BZQ_9'VJT






M\?%;7/A]K5K_ &AX
\!V.K6&=GV_PWVZ7$'[V)DDCV21!OD=MW0CIGS'X

M-M=1\=R)_P (U\2=0$:KIGSW.6C*0;O

 3



M

6T$?EPH25'U^;^M7



TM%JMS*=/FU/)?VB/#^JZM\/[
MR30VQJ4*;8E^7YBTD8ZL0!T]Z^-_C%XN^)WBR;1(/%6F?9M(/VKS)!/:R;@5

M\!@QY7!'W1WKW\MS/ZG./M(J2\]UZ'GU
'S.Y\%^
/%/PYUCXY^ ='\3[SJ
M#:C_ &]'_I X2S#6_,GR]%?[GX]J]&T/6AJGQ7\86DB_V3JUB]E]GD\QI_-\
MR [_ )?NCA?O#OQWK0^*'['/@__ (1.ZU#X?:?Y'Q N_*^P:G]IFFV%'C$I


AKO4/M*C 2


^BC#G
MHQD'BKX
^)&T631O#%Y_8^OP[?[%N_LD-QN+
K7'R2?)PN[[_KQS7GWQ
NO%
M



MTKEOV4_VC=%N/&1U_P 22^;K7C(@VT/ER?N#:I*C?.B!6SE.RXQWSQ[9\6/!
$M0\<S
^&OQL%]X.GW
MW6KY\T^0OR^1;[?^6C.OW6DZ;?Q[<_\ /5M+TOX]:[?:Q?^180B 3KY;-UL




VE



M/W@:^BZ\3

#_N\?G^84445YYWA1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%


_A[[1



MOU/E_M%+QWX5B^'^AVGAM[O^VKOQ
&-I]VV\D6\BR/P-V[.Y?O8QMXY-:$
Q




M3S)YQ?K_  _*5M57^%2/N[?3I7#]6^H9BE2Z7_(YL+F$9T%%_P!:G'?\*MT/


!9FY
/E'
.[OVKF/$WC3PQ?6

\&_#W]EW18?

1#Q[

MYA:+\$_@'\3;R+4].B\KQ79AGG3S+]L*ZE4^\ZQ_ZJ/MD^O;-[PG\8=#_9[\

MG]B\2ZFUT
^/!'^TU<G_A6VJ?8-6\+
MC<BW\SS?M2J.L_EJ

/'-E_9ELHREGY]O/SY9C/S0X+?
B?PBO
Q$



MN#7FO[27QNE^OA&/4+;3/[4NILF.'SUB^Z\:_Q*0?\ 6OEWXI?M'?%#2]2
M\


MX]?



4

V/\ PE_@RXSYDYD@LPNWYT^5P)3F

M +JUT_AKQGXI^
FHKHGPS)\(^ [-6
]V8X[PS;P[KQ.HE'[U)5[_ .L] *^1
MKT:-'
)8G#ZRT;ETO\^QZ/UR4L+%SW//)/\ @GEX;\


WVKPWH[0G4M4\NX3(E*B+Y(F

M[/TQ^(VU]7B\3CZ\85


M8V=YHVJDV]['MVG9NW?.SG[H &
#J37S;^Q[^UMX*TGX-Z/IOB6X.E3:6LSF




=K_VV6
OU^7[I/6O$OV0]1NM-\ ZWXDNCG5;

MIX/^+?AG3=








M)(-W[^;/R2

M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44




);GRQYPYQ\PSQ

MXWF/^!J(O[K?^@FN7^/_ 
3-*^*7P=L-:7K$) ?_  )1/[J_\\O05V/@3P+;





M
MO\TF



M3?M'A88S:_V#&F[_ $CR0-ULRO\ ?CBZK_6N0L+[]BC6K=[#R/\ 05 VWF[6

M
DQ:T=663/!)_=7/S'YQ*

P7


M]G^S1XB'F I$VZ*

MVW(S*?XF;EY/4]*R/$5OX#^$/C)=&U2V^U?$7255[Z_W7 ^TF15:([ 'C7;&

?VBM6G\'^&W_ +.FP ]QLC?: K2CB2*
?=1^K5]=


1@V^QK38(68*-\3
M[3E0A[?K56\\
^.;%=
TR'Q[M\26S2K'9_V-;_Z7O.\CS.439&X?J=VW''?K
M?@_\6M?^)&F:K8^)M%_X0SQ!IODXD^UQWI/FL[9VHBJ/EC7USNSQW^$Q.*Q-



M4^6&D=A\$?E[JFJ.-=N:DK97M[QLW=A1113$%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!3U!;C=%)!)M5






M:Y#Q!\(?''A/Q
_Q:\067V;5T8&2'S+=_+4HENO



)/V=O



MG
M!M%SN-];O*XW1XQ@,X)?[W;O[Y^TM\:A\+/
[Z;!]IN&8%/G9.C0GH8R/X
M_6OBZU2K3S/GII*R6SNK6TUZZ=3T\33C5HQD?*.J?!;3-2BN;S[+Y&H6R#[.
MWF
V[=\IZ/\ 3KZU]9_WX'IX:U2X\0ZT,S;P8O3A'0_=8^HZUG?G2=7^
/

IB^[_
M 


MIR;UL!+Q\W&YU3M_N^E?-GPQ\


M6_GH;X7%1A3YY;GTGXG^&7A;XN^


M/*9^UQ6[]Q?

M?VPI-%MVTO\ X3&Q_MS3\3_9%^U26^T?N=W
//W]G7TK@/AWJVMZI\

CDQ^]FQ\\?RGY=O2O;*


M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %




M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!#(9!/%M_P!7SO\ TQ63








/:NLU#


M=?[24GB6RB^'&L#_B9VC.R_B]S/V15^Z$Z$_A0!]Z0JJKA/N=JDK-T3]Q;F
MT/WK?'\JTJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *

.3Q65.,H
MXNG+HSO\!\!_L^CP7KWB;1;/PYIG]GW.Z9KU_M4TWF$(VSB3[N/G^[USST%

=7^)'@*/Q#HW]E6\)U+[&_VJ&;S



M?T.\

M)][^*&$CKQ_RU/2OH+X7ZL?[/U2(GYU$!CZ^K$]/J.M?!WQ$\(ZQXL^+5SJM
MY_JK?8(ON]X$4]&'MUS7HY!A:E?%2A*?N1_R%FGNUKH^R9H8M+^/^C^(T&1=



5
+N:;[@ /;UK/Z[B:G/.A4M%-:=]25%3H.D]
MWL?-O[+FM:SI_P )_$VA:;)ON=--M_9J[$7 DFDDEYD^4_)GKSZ5ZY^T7X8L
M?B7\2O WP^M)S;7$+7HE8QLW6WBF R2

#Y7D6*0?Z_;#_

^-O&



/&EF 5']E7%C]F#IEONH\;;HYA][IL]2U
M9GA'X4^
?'GQHU?Q=K$WV?6K@VYLY/+A?!2V\J3[A5?NJGWU'MWJ\-*-G[/2


B^(]'_ &A_
M%GQ$M/$^DZ7]GTA58I;^?ITF;<)U8AA\X]*\G

!.24YN*32M)_:\SVL-CU

MN[%-VXIS=J8W2L^2/-S



5&2YK






MKN
;B/
O'/D1$A?OHG+\]1U-8_@/]FWQ+^U'J6K^.?&-P?#%]-Y/V*Z$*7&&
M53%+\D;H#E85&'7(\SZUU/B/Q1/X4TF3P-\:D



M.K?MG6=JB?;;2U$@E3_4_9MVFJ1\W_+3=@_3;[U6_: T&36=8UZRMAYMO



XM'_ +25
[Y)
^VN_?R.WQG7H<L]CYI_9STF33?VB+D267V.XY\@&?S<




KM]Z7NPKWW]L#X-^
/BQ\-KK2+#7/\



M/P86*/#OAVVGZ+\$9/#DM_\ 9-4TE2'A^R^9]I


M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB


C;H/8






MPC\LHT0;[R






MW\4:1;VM[/;_ #

MJWP_.A^%;N^DT[S8BP)_?MQ\P]&- '[S:'=2ZCHMO=P2_9HV+EH]F['S&HI]


OPQ\









MP_=:#XCD^]9B;;_VTQ'[_P![^Z:^X?\ @GG\
)O%&J:QXZN^%N%C6/\ []W
M!]/;^$?C7P_\3-!N= MKW3KG[HV?W?XWC;M]:_8G]F70H-!^!V@V]I_K96G9



V


M_87EQI]]:^&]2FM[JVD9'AD6V=D=67YE96 (8=

M]N[B_OKJ1IKBZN9&=Y96)9W9F^9F9B6+'KN%?H;_ 



M
/FC'4=ZP+?2;:WF
DCI_<3_GGZ4 =ZJR/J)'E^8L???MQ
MG^?2GV+*=0NE$7ELN3OW9X;\JBO+I%LTS<?9I'5MK^7OZ#GBOQC^+?B3Q='



MK*GD?Z)'!Y?E1S.WW(CG/R]2

MU;[+Y^[R9H&?JC*


YS]


M4B_OYJ&3-KY:KSU/Z&@#\[O^GGQ46TUC0/]O\ ?B-R)/\ @8M)!V']_P!3

MBSVVIZK]D_N9_P#06_PK-[@


M](-OM_[:0S+_ .RU^L30;KF.1?NH3C]!_2D!4UB'3[A8;/4(O-CF#8'S?PX/

M\OS-V*^??VWEGD^!]Y=VUMF6-H\#?MQFX@_P[UHM@/R*BD@NM6TZZ:SYF$@_

MT_=


)VJ_WD4C#1

MU]?Z5^)_PX_:&\?_  )U
7D6N?VU;76/._T2U@\O:K*G5&)RT@Z8QCWK]1?V


?LOF/


8_'
M/RNJ_P#
E_'+XF:9(RCQ5]OO9<&!/[-MTP5RQY
MV8[O5OAE_P4'^
7@?6[?3O%]A]KTJ0D+*)+1-F$=APD#$Y9T[CI0!^MS6:&

M:1%^\ #PG;_LOXG7VH6?PJU&]TR7RKQ1&4^[U\Y?[W% ';V:EKWQ%YG!_C

MI_%C49IH;KR+%@
_?#G]M?XC? =8[75YOM^FW&X^;_ *+%R-[_ '1S'+S

F

M

*=?GVXIGS_\
M^_\ Y&K\@/C[\:/BOHOQ8URQLM7_ +*@A\@+^XM9?

?UKSW_A?


8V

M#5LI=3\:[DF+_-_95N



M]7SB:#'WU/KVH ^MI(T8B2.+S=W7Y]M
\L_\^O\ Y&K\/H?C_P#&&;0-+F&N


MN?\ GU_\C5^(NC_'#XQW4[?\5;]W'_+C9_\ Q%5/%'QO^
=O=0K_ 
);]\/_
M 





3_K?:
9NW9Z_R%313Z#Q)PJ\&O!?V-_C)%\8/AN9;B\^V7MCCSSY'
ME8+RS8_A /W#T]*]\61&200?ZS''UH ;''&LOO#U_'_]5



MEBZL8[+E;^21

.)DRN



MMPLO+9FV
N=TCJ.JC_GF:[S]I=GU7X7Z5(O3
N?^_P!'_A7-://J.B^!]=TJ
M]T3^R(5\CR6^UK/YN9RQZ=
<9?!






M)69?E=?
_P!9F/JOXC&/9RO$472=6O/EFM?M:_=_Z3\SRL4YPE[.E\)CZ?#-





M$[CQ-X/U_P)&A3^?B(W]F3:_\ \@^RS')N\EQ+(-T)7'RI#W'6O/M2^-'@

O]O7$'


M^R^.]5)_??V;&_*7@C;B3Y?]7))_^U41]M3E;$TO=\FTOPU-HM57KL=/HGP\

M_P 4V'EPQ$_8V\[.=T)ED^[$QZRI]YC_ #JQ:Z7K']K^'? _B7Q;_P )3XZU
;YAN8QL^_Y8&!;GLW7MWV+?Q-\9_A1XBM



M69?Q!U[XO?#^2[\4:-XT_P$F\H$3^Q?[*L[#R=VV-5\]\RG=*X?A6^[CC=

8Z!
MJZ_X4V_BGX?Z)XO^)GBG2?L/B?Q&E@=-TSSXY/








M#@L[;R$U_P _[2?/C?=Y%@Q7AONXW'[O7O47QPU*VUSQAK?A9H]]T1!D_-QE

3^\T]?*V.S/_K%.<^<_7TKZP^#/BKQ[
M\0?$UQ9^-K7R+X*F3OMWQE'/_+-0.BITKQ\VR_

%0GB(J\6]N;S70]*CC(U

M&=)^V48GE/P-\*WWP#L+35O']U]H&N%S$OEJNWR=ZG_5;E^[)'Z=*]!_:R@\


S?^CY*_$[Q;9SW
M5C:F'HJR;OQVU^T7P!MVM_@]I0;J6G_]*9:0'J:_ZY_H/ZT^FKV^@IU:+8.
M91(NP_QJBC[*QC]:M2?ZZ/\:A4+/=-GJA!'ZTP/FO\ ;Z\47/A_X'7VG6O^
MMU0QX_[9W5LW]:_*JQFOGUNRF^\RDO_ -\2OL;_@I1\3-0N=1TO1[
8CMU




%Q*?X&_OCN/Q
MKZE_X*F:K#I_PCTS?UF

=5C_ -4'_P#:%PO_ ++0!]#?#/\ X)O?



M?R5_[ZG2/T/_ #T]#7XB'6U:/4=2;IJXA/\ WY 7^[[^B_CV %CUS4+G2[;Q

M^&]7L/O6:W8D_'4D4=SZGTKY=\3:AJ7_  KK1M2_N&X_N]IPO?\ W: /WGTG
M6#K'AV'4R


MYZ?G^6WQN_9IUGX*?$!U\&^%_-MY]KK_ *='QB*)A]]V/_+0]Q^-?6O@3_@J


M;'0#K7W#^TW^QKX3_:8FL)-:?R+NW


V/B*8?OKKS,_\?'\$SI_SW_V?2ND\<_\ !-CP'XG59;=_*N(0VQ?]
M(YSL_PG@#^'N#7LO[.-K8?\*9\-R2@X<7&S_6?\_

MZ^A Z_7M0!^&GQ@\+W/@_P('B+PK+'LM[9X!WKNB#G^(G^


@_S]YJ -[P;X2L?$VGZA]L^]!Y?


1*V3]W_GC;M_%_NF@#X=O?&WB+PGX
U6^O

MBO'M2\*WOB#7=/T+4_\ 5;6_N^TG9A7[ ?#G0K;PO\/]*T6(\(9/+'UE9CW/
M]Z@#XE^

(/MA^7^&.01=94/WXEZ9_#O\ 2GC+_@E'X7TWPW)%X0_Y




M?B9IGTK49H^D:Q^2?J03_

MX1VFMRG+$-YWX3NH[#^Z:_&WQK#_ 
)5XT\2#3_^6?V;'XQ)_A0!^L7[%K%/

$Q_=]Q']

M_$NS^)GQZU/2+(YL=!2







VHS_WAC&S


MX_[^I7YV_L(?$/4=:^
6AZ+=?ZFQ\XQ_=_Y:6URYZ*#W'4FOT=^-&V/X=ZTP


O^?
MGB2?Q-\.9)(NL;?/_P!_IU'_ * : /']7_X),Z+I,\YTZW [=@Q)VV]=]U7

HPZ]R(_[G^W7XA:;:V-YXJT2








E '
MXO:3I<M_X=TG4;F;S;V,W(F]B9@_B ['L:_3?\ X)V_$1/%7P[OK!OO6QCQ


MOB;\4_\ A%8NNBE6;_MO!-

G_3(#\0O^T?


MEZ/I5UB6'SDF/EQMUDA9?ORIC_5'IG\._P M_P#!.W7;+P?\;=0\


M
?\ 46_\08?\_7^UZ5XU\1OAOXA\ ^*1I5W=\@G_ )81_P!U&_@8_P![N:_;



MG_R6CK]SEC#+)+YOF[B#]


K_@FOIJVOQHN7;JX4C\(+O\




MN_$7P+T*YN!^\38_P# F=?_ &6@#X _X*2:2UM^T9;WMMUNWF?\!M[51_(





M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444


GR@CG^


M(Y_T?'WO^?

-CX0NH?.FO3(4&)OX6
MGE/1/;UKFOC0NG? 'X[Z??\ A[1/+4!_-F^U
V


++^TL1_P ^_=YOP(E_ND3RWXL?$#7M





7[3




M


MQM@X\HJ/D:IOWPA\'?_P7_P )7\2?$O\ :[ZISI4'V&:V\ORY2DHSQW9
MWQ??'&..IJ[HW[9OPNU*U;2?^$=_T!#DW'VVXZ;F?./)SV]:[:6%IU.:I&FY












M:
+8RIN#\D:(@Q'&!R_;ZUZ-K6O?';P))I/AR/2OM\TXD$%QY]G'Y 5@[G!W

M.*;MS?8MN?*8N[N1?$+]CE=%\-Z7?Z/XE\KQ;H F1_V?NW_ &AT5AN,Q08B
M9O[W7C!Q6_J'Q=\_$#3[70?'^I#3/&








_P#'(UC_
M /9Z\Z^ D$[_ !PA%Y_J;LL8?N_PV\I/3ZBO5OCM#;^
_@Z-:4_-8@X_X%.B
M?^RUZ.

2/<^POC!K-[\/?

:=%9OO..BFO#O!?Q&T_X]?%Q_
M&


M2;7?_P!)[G?@Z_+143T;]B5O#$GPIA;PI9?8-
);;#YDDF/W\_\ ')\Q^;?U

MI/\ K0]S#.])
****Y3JBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *


M1N(^PC!_&:-?_9J8'Y



M-[_VR_\ 2NWH _
SP-?+8^+M
D;H!(?_ ?]D_S%?:W[?GP5O1JFB^*-%_U

M







M*_@+XOF\)Z[)X@TF'[5';
53_EE]Z*6/OU^_W% 'ZE_'#P2=9^!_B#2(XO*N
M



M.UTWQ-X8F.)+?[(%_P!?:F-??7G!;B2(_=/3_OD5^,7[)FL77A/XX0B/[NK
M$@_]L[69?_9J_9N^5W:(CKS_ $H _.']L#]CWQQ9:Z_B/P&_^BZ@?^)HGEVY
MW%%AB@YEFR/F+_='U[5\2:1\3- \ZA-I^OZ3Y5Y\F)O/DYRN1\J*5^ZRU^_
M#1M

K= X_N^M 'Y
@_*LCQ%\.]1CUF+5].^]#N+?=_B7 Z
M_4]J^ZO&W_!,.UTF%&\&7Q,\P F41$;=NP+S+<\]&Z#Z]J^/?&GP]\8_76)
M;349O-'!_P6/&5#]F/_ #T]: /M[]C/]L[\03KX/\ $ORR1J?L9X[+-*_W

M?J!J'_(.E^@_F* .+^.K;?A9KQ]/)_\ 1L=?B]K-Y'=/J$4GJF/RK]JOC-)Y
M7PSUYO01?^C(Z_&+6-

'WN=WWN
MC#^ZM=9X7^!/A_QI#*XN_P#58$?^L_BRO]_Z5[5^Q+^S#X'_ &@[?Q5_PL'0



M+TD

M3O#NJPV'V*TE%R+D^?-+O(M3&G\&1AC_  ^O/:OV \-^(++7M!M=:L'W:;)Y

+?]]*G]XU


192?\NB87_O_


M?KD?UH ^:?VBOVYO#/[-NH:3::_9_:IM3
XC_?R1;?*\O/W(GS_K!UQT[]O)
MK7_@KAX N&._1



MC^(K_P /?L]^



M_

M\*]8CYNG_P!F@#X%_PGMY9VX\&1W75_MVS[W9K7/3ZBOA?5O$BP^']/AL_
M]8&;'WO[_O7UG_P4EU2SU+Q9X)M[KJOVS9_W[M
_TKX\GT.*^US3[6V_B$O_



M-O\ 71_;M_XWUP__ +/7OG/G2 =?_K&O!OV0)9?^%2V5TW^HD:5H_P ;B;/]


M8?\ CIH ^E?V$O@7+\5-8L_$$GW=##[?^VZ3I_?7^[Z'\._ZSO#YEQ$?[NX_
UN1<[
MF'058H :WWU_&JD\87SR?XMO\ZGD7=-$?3/]*9GS)I5_W?YT ?AY\;HWC^,W
MBHMT(M,?^ T=<;_#7T1^VIX*_P$6^(4-Y_T$ 3_ -\0P?\ Q=?._P##6;W


M)]0$FS]QYN_RT=_H



MG)Z'M7U#^P+:^#;CQ@EOXBB\V^1_W?\ KN&*7'IQV%





D6WHUP/\ QZVH _.SQ5)Y^C8_NH/YI7[<
M_LQQ_P#%E]$^MU_Z4SU^)_BT\O0R_\ ST4_^ABOVX_9M3_BR^A?6Z_]*IZ


M5]E=Q]]A_P \ST- 'O

M(_:H\3_M32)H]EIWV:
;M_[^&7KB3O%&1_J3T:O1(_V-?B_\$)#JUCI_]H:1
/_ (E:QXNUDWWA[2OL<T9VS-Y\<N?E

M 
7M^[_'(D7?/_/3T-?BVL&M.^HZ_<_\ 'E?&+/\ J_X47IS][;T44 ?;_\
MP2]\

M@?M'?#']H2:V?0-1^T7
;-F7R+H;MWDJ/E9% _U9]: /%O /BJ\\
_$JPGU*
M;S1








MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB


GZ
MT15L31?K^AS8GX$?%'P%7X;W'Q8T:[\!2^;=N)O[3_X^.!]GE\C_ %O'W=_W








M-OE:+'J





M-;[?+/G#_60A.4)Z


MY_T:4SSR;M[&1CBW2

M\R

M?3C;[UX_KUY^S_\ %*#QIHNN_\ /:E

_P!*SKO3

M?&SP3XDT71/LEMH_VY7E^TL?-\ZV2/HR*1AD?MWKVW7/$B?_P(WB6Y27^S
M[W76M3')CSO]3$&;@J1]UCU(KUWQE\)+;7?!J^'QIHT^2S+-ITWGB7=ND
D@
MVD@#A!U]:X*SUCXM:#XL:;Q!X..NZ? I6VG_ +4LX
9C8/\ *I)&6;OZ5]++
M&4
=3A'#+E2NK7_S_4\:M0]G-V/GJ+POX\TW]E/Q5?\ BW6/^$FO-)6S&A1_

MS^R(9]_FW#(/WTJ+&-L





M_2O(?V9/B%XH\$_'*'3-3L?/U#Q/NDUVX
\



T[]F[XA_#'4;Z/P-XX/AO2;QD&?['M[OS-BYZS2ED
MPTC]
9S[5]-_LX?#_P 1:7=7-SXI\1?\)!.$!$O]FQV^?DDS]QB/2F6_@S0O
M%6CV_CS2['^W_#=P6

M'8V7V6#?;KOWJWF9MV/0L





M6C:IYA^R0WNX[48_\?#'&
S?G6K8^(+6S_:8L\R_\C5YHM(?+;]Y]FLF5_G&
M N




'7_=/4UZ&?V-?CEI]M#H%E_JV!'_+CVPW\


0





M[*OEQMQM^;_6




M'_GH.M?'/[


M '@*ETK]E7XG_$1;+Q7H\WFC]X?]7:KC/R#[TH/8UYGK6I6.L65O::E=?9Y]





?7]_;_X
M4 ?F?% +FZL=2MONMO\ 









M\_X#_*@#F/BD


MG?8%521_K)=^?Y8Q^M?2'_!/3POI-Q\9F6'4?.E1CC]W(N/W%Q0!](?\%.9)
MX_!_A=8CG_CXWG_MM:8_K7YN6=JMUX7LC-U&['_?=?HK_P %


8XVSY
M_P# EZ\0_PBG@6?5O^D:S#TL&E+?]M)+5/[P]3ZU[9^S%=?\ %E?T%QU



/I4U5+&2/S)X8QA8RN/Q4&K= !1110!%/MVJK=&;C\.?Z5^1O[97PI\
M6_#?XM?\)3I


MW@'6XO&&G#=J?.Y?E_NF(=5/]X]J]%^.GP1U;X'^*+:XUN3?I;9-LO[OC


M%M_K_P!X6^]V+2]_]T]#5'4VNI+V\L-#DWW9P)5]




MNV



M^*T.C6?^I!;=_P!^I6_]EKS#Q)'I7AVU3[)'LU.\!
Y^;G:R;.O'W6[&OTO_




M_P#

M\L6N
?C=3_X5[[7A?[%_D?\ @]!\GKNN-W_ (%35[I3 ^2?^D\/G? N;V_

MF'R?V?=(]S/_ .EEU7TU7SO^PC#Y/[/NA^YN/_2RYKZ(H 5:=35IU !1110!
M\G_\%#O@H/BI\

[4AB7F:;=RY;H/Z5F]P/CW6M4T*'2=&OY(
M?-UU1/\ :OWDBX)^5.GR?=(Z5]4_ 3_@HLO@NUCT[6M/\RP4CRS]JVX!9F/

7&O]T'^'TKC]2^&^C:/IJ7OD^5<R<#]XS9*LJ]F(_,K
M
6GZNOA_S&_X].0/]7TW-^-:+8#.68QW3ZOI'_'QIRGS_P#MI^[7[^?5NBG\



.J+#]G^]SY4=Q*W1&_O#J1^-?I1#YLDPV7.;
MQPF/7'

1V$WE:U#C;]WDG_ 'E']WWKJM/_ &G_ (M6OA^/PM]K^;&?

TR42Q;6


)&J
MYQ[G/]:_




M6A_T:Z1MOU4E3_*N

M\B^8I7UK&U6RCUS3[G3)?N
 #^I'\J /P=M])


Y_IO^<_A:^\:?&+6)]9M/]$LC&?]8K<O;W('3_ '* /D'Q!H^K6-UJ
M,FK^&?MOVPQV;[6J[-@3=T]=R_E7;^%_P#A(=/\+JMMI'V&(@_\O2OGYF[&
MOW.:S2TQ%#IOVC;P2)-NT8&/KW_*L[7O^D^+-,EMM1L]B(5_P6C-CYU8]/
M]P4 ?B)::E?K)_ITF\L
*-BKCD




P_F* '+_Q\3_5?Y5^
MWCN\\O6M7^D'_HU^]_\3?[W]*_'Q9I?VS6M9'_ %[_ /HT ?0O_!.&[^U


M
CVS7

MC_V=W_I-;5VG_!


4 ?<:]OH*=35[?04Z
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@G=0&6\MVW[557R

-\
M?LUJS1 R[&?CS%YPO-:4OX]

?]L\?[;?WO05];3HJMF#O*W_  QX4OX3
;]I;PY;?%+X:VL5





LD/PN^$&D_VQ\0-7#F5

MDWB;Q&9OBI;%/[1MC:W($ = 83F/]P=UO(A^0GWYS7:PZYXET_\ 9A&OZ5XH
M_LFXO2VR[^P0S;-M\8W.'_WI.M;T*
'2YL7MTO=+Y
M  QX;^)7@C_A$KJZ$W]@2?VLUSYNU/
N/]2JJN D/WR
[N.AKQ[_ (:'\0_L
MW_$B_P##'Q%L?[8LY$C_ +.;?'!C; )9OFCBD)^:2+[[=N.]=/X;LY;77=!^

MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@.49Q46[;4[=JAE6


=KRD:*1N1V)SN'ICWS7KY?E7UUQ562







M(%WR_9)KW=^[?C-Q\O\ JUF_/UVU@^)-?\23ZEJNKZ?X._M/7U*'2K'^U8XM
MA&V.?YW^3E

MIZ^N:]GWJM.
ZC]YZ*^OEM\M0G&-*ESQ(_V7_A-\0[3XQ0?VSKPNM5\(-B^7
M[#;+D75O*8SM5AMS&J]/QY!K4_:&TC6AX9\47UM;_;;B7['O7Y5R?
1!R7PO

MS/-?V*_V@/A?:? .ST^6Z^Q:U!O^W6OE74FT-=W!A&[9L/R8^[Z\]J]^TGQ!






I


0*RN?
=?O'SC_M


M?7F^XD


M$6W_ -'?[2(H)0PWQ_

MK;RP()Q
P9

M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

B 
5&]EZ8)Z$?





MVNEVD=I:8\I
X'/&23_6IE*

M&ZO4T-M#9+L3C- #I+A8%&[H:Y;QAX6\.^/=.:PU2+S4R
#S)%_B5C]QA_='




M2+SLH':?V]*^H;F26%5$

M372V+9GQG_2+OMG_ *;^]2?\.]?A-_SXM_X$7?\ \?KZI63DTOF4 ?)VH?\




MC[0_F2-NVLVWAV./O-TKV6$B&%$[J
54T^^NY7D%U8?8@
;#YBOOZYZ=

M5]H_


W^K8?



'MW]J\IT[
M_@D?JDFO#[?XM#::&^[_ &4HR/J+K-?IJUM;2$/Y/FL.GM0V^93'-;XBZ8!/




MA-M+CM(/$VQD'_/A+\W.?^?L_P J_0K4%;

M

8/A'X(MO#EO=_;([7=A_):/[TCOW8Y^_ZUZ'56Q8
MR;W

M  23\'W&FPV]O


U-0 4
M444 %%%% $%Y#]HMWC]:SXHXH(?L\K;02#W[$'M]*T+A68H5Z#.:84AON&&2




M]C_=]/\ 7T ?#7PS_P5OAGPOK%OK&MZO\ VK?0\Q_Z+)!L)5@WW+@@YR.O

(C:3K\^[.*EC6#3CY:\%J $D0


M[0:S$V?W#1[-\+IWN#G.[T[5]]LI@2../A1G/YU'&UPT
O\ HOV8\?\ +3=F


ME!_3'^- 'YQVW_!*739_RV0)\UBQ;@_\]=P_P7KVKZN_9+_9SB_9]\)SZ8



]-ATWQ#%YJ29\H;Y%Z
I
M;[C#T7J:^*_%'_!
_38]4EU#PRWV-I 


MF_=R.F.OXU;2S#JKR ^8/4*/Y4 .LXXH55(X]B*/D]\\G^=1QRF6ZGC?[ORX



MZ^E?9MY9RSS1S2P^;Y.=N'VXSC/\A4Z1QWJ9EMN!T^?=0!';1W%HL[W%Y]KX


ME^T13KL^?;CU_I3K:SAAFEQ#L+8_CW9X/Y4 ?G;XR_X)46WB+Q5J&LWNMG5
M[B^!A]F
7E;4?\_8SG/IV]Z^J?V=_V=[/X'Z?/;P=9B?PDE;^^_\ STKV
=W]E8*Y1E_Y^O?T
MK]&T$K6J8;I



M'7\1Z)=6$5U]C



O[QV_
M#/XT 8VB?8-'DMM.TV/R[7YMHWLW?/\ %_O?K6U%\M]*OJ ?YU!;32O)))=V

MC^;YF%A7_GX&





#K[1XBO/!U

M9X


M(R\C;/


M6O#_ 
;;^X^'_BRP^Q^)+




MY9

WD3![APIC\A

QFGUO\ 8K\&Q07?C'_A


M-6+G!77?FY;VZV7ZBP^(E&-A?#NM:]^U?#!8ZYKYTSPYXA#+ING?8DD^R_9B

MS:VY1M^8MC.1C!KB?$]UX!^-VL2^&/$MG_PAOQ.&W[)&)Y]0\GY5D88BP_-
M!OWB/OY'W37D/[4'CKXE^$?!&F^ O'EO_9W@VYWF[\0;[:7[3LDAFC_ -&B



I:CB[U)7
M1S*6J+EN%%%%!(4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111







^9Q6'Y[G7_


3MQN

6%LQ$B?;EN]_^L=.75#PT(^[GKSCC/G6

M?M
))JFH_P!N:;XK.9HO)6VV_9K*(?PY)RSKTV=/XL\='/XH^(W[)_C35[_Q
M#)_:O@76-@.I8MHO*:*/RU/EKYDG

MYF@^RP^0UOLVQM!C
K*'^5&_A&


M !7;_9=7NHN6\]CY(6[,47$2R#GS$Z#M796WQ+U'P&?#NL64O\ :NA^(O.#
MR?+'Y8@;R^K+O/S%^JKT[]M,=BL+4Q$J%&%U)KJUT[['&H5*%-2J%/X ^,M2
MNOC)8^+_ !1)Y \9^;]BM_E?[*;26&4;T7+98C[RKC;QGG'KWQT^/ND?!O2


M?V5X_L0@L9
_O
D/N\T=AC9[UT_[07P[UGQYJ^L0V%I\B_9POSQKR%C8]6']







0LO!.

MW?]GZ5I^X?VN(9CL+WL?D5]_WU
M=37+4E'#M+$JW;;]-/D;\AYSI/A[PYH_B#3/A3XVU'_ (27Q$BRO8_)):?:

7(NS=,ZS_NI
M7P<J'C^<=N.:SOB1\6D\V%I%J'AG_A87C&-7^U?Z<VF;0SC9]U/+;$;I]WI




M=_.

O3T^E2

\SRRUQ

ANK?S _E[9YDCY7Y/]6J
M?=KVFOA:D90G*
][L^BP_P##04445F= 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 -:DI6I* BBB@ HHHH **** BB



(!X?/CSP\OB#
M[4UG_99UFW-V9PQ1H/*WEBRME2N,@T =]16%XB\4:1X1TFXU;7-4L]'TVU;=
M+?:E<)##S<!69B /OC'6N37]HKX41

M  : +:TZO+U_:-^$V&+?%#P:/XL-KULF



MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@E?*6N(
0^:?


M*GCV/X8ZQI_A3PM^[U;4MQUOE9
&

M1]0BETWQ#_9?AG)






+3C0DCZQ^&?P%T?35OK+3^$#*+K_ %G8
MR%/O.P^\.V/Q[8'[3[6

)_AU\0-7^S
M0M):^7+]GDEX0&XZ0[B/F9.L@_&O8_&DVC_#?0[33OAS<[];MF?9:;9$R2Z,
M1NGX[R]:GT;6/BOX@\,QKXC^W]OS7 .)O\ A)K6WQM9F!PO'*A/RKU<'7QG

R1K\N_!^4#IZ5

M @D7R/-R#F


MQ\
?&ELGC/=]HOSG?-FZXY:)?E




25N0OW>,C&/JWQ-#'J$*:>7Q-=?ZM,==K*S


M
X92WFV7D_8?)VQB(_/-][/[Y^G&SWKJ/V7?!?@N+PKK
7A]O[;GO1 -7.);


TKXH?'SQUKE
MLGV.SC^PFWN/O?:?]%D#_(5#)M93U)SN]J]Z^*7A=O$5M#-Y_EQVI8G]SG/3

MA3PD:;Z7_

MWS



(]8P$'[R
M7!AE*'A





M\6/'.MZ\;WQ3HDFK)87JVD








MH?B3PC\=O$GA9;J*\:R\.0/=)9QO'/
@4.ER-@D9 Y;RSCS/NGH?2_V#M$\$
M:EXE\0:AXEGNM8^/V@75U8ZW=^(KXWEW B.(!]G;+!D11Y+2%F=6RI8I)'D





M6R&HZWKFM+MMM*M@JNFQC^9)(9H%)5'K*H SN:+B?$'PW_ &@/V9/ -_XL






M37[./@SQ/X/\9-\.=9OMLM]J8TB._CEDB

M&OB#]H?PW^T[X*^$-M\;$U&77;9=5?5)/#%A:+!&K3F6

M5G


M*(\FR-OD+

6N7.'C60^7L<@/F%/5;?X8^+_@9^S?\5AK7Q6\




M^_'V\C_8\U/XJ_#S5TL7N+73[BQNML


M7!8@'$SE@A#B2@#V7XP?M9_$0?L6^ ?BEI.IZ;X8\3ZQKK6EV=/L8Y(5C0WR
M!%CN/




-)
=SX:7PUXCA6_M[


MQ)'Q#%WY0L\Z%;Z9]DV[_

]4O/A9

9RHQ0![=X/\ CU\;?@W\



E



M#9 \L!0!MCY (R#^ (QT'2@#\Z_VC_&_[6/P!\-#Q;K_ 

MFASPQ+-% V/-4-#; 103MVREZIDE



MPQ9&#R


_

M1[:)8I!]L&08F?RTCN-I7'F%!M#@C.Q\$_CU!\1/V;=-^*7B2&'P]%]@NKW5
M&M_





[BR9PK
M CSC]H3X:Z;^RSJW[.GCO2]0MM
00*'4%P=19R
MN)2]P.7(5DQ?V<=<T#XL?M3?&_X^:Y?6\6C^$8_.L)[*&98_L9BE@BO ?
)


8\T
K+$0=I$3J X!]6ZGJ5MH

M$4F-ZI(LLT9RR+


0)

MCE$G[//Q



MWDU.SL[9#--:AU\V-2+!


MFY&=I#$K]7R@F%_


MA]XXTN^N=&UVSM9H[.[U2!XY628-L^4OM\TA)HYAM?8QW[PW:_M3?$WX3_


H8\J=F







^

H58'=;F
;FA6W1B!D&W

#/Y9LIHO

&U#2OER7LY6S-'\L8!*32;R
MS


?45XE\)?


@&X]1^S[^U6WQ)\8:M\./'VAIX*^*
M&F82;2)9-T6I*(U



-0L_@;X*
MTC_A#]-NWL;OQ;XL

MY!8-(DC+OD=Y'_=R?(=S&-H@4
B .S1^A^
/VA-5\/\ [67P]^$EMIEA_9FN





FO:\HN]3N%
.DZ'#/MEU&=5.4&5PB+GYY

M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@O=
4NWR_
0N

MC7H^E7'Q?\0^)I0MOXFTIKB

(Y!(:-6D*JJ_H)X\\5
M6?@/PGK'B?48IY;#1;&XU&X6UF1HXHFD=5#
H)VJ2 2!D#FOF_Q%^SG\'?V

MY$.8;M?


T+6/VCZEH-@=6%KIM]IT


M1K&R[




MY1F*7#QQ74JX(;RB!Y0.T%:[
_ L_#?]@?6O!7C.QTCQ!JWAW0-:O(9H(A/!
M%.5O'BN(3

(/B1^P#\4YO$EY<:U?:19:[IT

AA



_Z%MS_!N Y
M8]_J0 =E\7OV#/@MXAM9? _@;R?!_P 2&L)-8L]UW=W(EMTD5&^TI([.-WF
MV@@!\Y*;U22-O


]$^ GQTU'QMX/U.X3P_J6B7-E/I%[

_93\1:;^T9^RCI

MM'REAQGG/8Y SGVKX#_X)+^'=2M_#WQ'UVYMU.GWUSIUG;W9D4^=+!'
\HXY



M&B8_ZO\ ?SB
[L[O-'F
\@5SPW[%'[/VK_%[X$^*=4T'XH^-O &K0:_-9P?V
M7?NEE(5@MF
LMJCQDR





M6N%U+4?M=Z(Y/]/EMXB(H)&^0_NQ\BYQ]X9+5[=^SW^R0OPC\4?&W0-0AAO?




:G;O3
MAG^89R.L_P:6JZ#=3_ !!L=7TN.U^


4OB+\7--GU3XGWFG:KKQCDN46/3YT6

/!I2W^(8%\\SW-P[6^I

MF6ZA%5[AKE)U$C2.N%*P.O.?F9 1MW&N;_X)S^


M4?$_AKX?:9-?Z]8Z6R0/#?7EK-'!'*;B:*1Q%)$44,3MFG() ('GOPN\9:I
MX/\ ^C_ (ET^7PGJ_A32_'=DQ_LB^\B&
S):B7[6ZP/)%
6EM[I=ZR$[KA]









#_P!A









M '#JLTT



_X)Z^#-' LK3Q+:?;YM&U2[C8BWE_M




2-N 9)2Q+M!BO:_P#@H=\$/#_Q

M]*UKX;?L[?$*ZL=

M\@1E4[5L1*)E?\3OV+3X%UCP+\3/V:=

MG;(/D=5?;)'(.%*D-]2?%KPQX ^.7]H_OQ-+#/JGV&+6%M(VV7=K&7DCCO

M;8-&%9/-C\Q0660LEJ8WF00N. FT






'?&WBRTL
M]+U$Z,;8L/&L?DO-Y0:+_B7<LP!W*N[_ $?/7]Y7567B*P\1:;/X'\+:D=/\
M+VP0S:_Y/F[=W[_/DN!(,RK(OWOXN.,4ZMC%N4=_GZ?/T'^\_Y=&9X<TWQ?
M#J6GZG\?+C[5-:B0V$VRW3



7R1MG=+.S=?F^]N^]7J7QNM]

MM\O'G#.]V=OO '[P:O*/VJ?B7X+BU[3I9+S.J:&LS+_KO^6RQ[NBLOW2W53[

Y[XX-HWB'Q]\0(_%-SMT#P6+!8;3R7?[1
M]KA7=\Z$
NV0*W);..V.?



8WR&A^]TQQR:Y#X^^+OBCK





MDO@=M=_M22(@
?L4D.[


TZ^E_X1W0?#
M8N#;R;UNOM(GY?C<S)M9C][=G=QC!SQFJ?L^W_QN^(UM\1O/BW#V?F?\PV-
M^L/D?QNH^[&_\!KSL'A\+0O.I4V3^^_NG-/GK2Y43?#\^%/A?\0O%7AWXE_Z
M


M;WSQ[#X'^'&@_#O31I^E0F.Y4?-(9)&W_

M\M[:V^9ZN#RZ]G

M]X8J[7Q\I.4G)NY]+&G&BN2.RBBBH*BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH AN-V5QT[U6DT^9E=QRM6YFX ]:H7%
MQ#I$


^)GA'X6Z#;Z/\ $KPA:_:?




M^$7A_P ??W1+6[T[Q?Y'@F0L#%_9MNW3S%/+L9?]:[5LP^-M9TFYNO!G@/X
M7^5X-F&VZU#^W(W\[:#,/DF4RKME,J\$9QZ!:]4D^ =Z-8L5\3V?V;PF))T


3S/L?E;\E.K1G
4


M:Y;R2MB?#
EOY=FOV)C&

U#73;_VS']A^T^4

M@*?W:O\ =)Z?2L



?N[=\G;(I^Y_NBMBWT*;^QI=:T&Z^









MV?\ 8W[Q5VDAX9_N.YY9T^\O;CO6%K$WC_0;GP9X@\+:1DWC7GG?O[?H@
0_

M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


%DBAEC:-W#.&)?#[C(V

N

MIL_)^Q?O;A]F_P QO
_U^W=A?N=!G ]FF9E *@%AR%/&XXZ9J2B@#PS]H#]E


M[1@8KN?!GA6U\ ^%]!\-Z=).^G:+I]OIEO-
0[^7%&J+D@ $[4&2%'3ITQT]


TC


1@H*J<

MGVQP!R/7CZ&K=% 'R7\4OV$K7Q-\0+_QM\.?'FN?K7]3%R=8O-),\IO9)9!
M*71O/1D);!8*6C;8N$4@YL_K]ANR\

MB'8?+!BF


M358]3


M1%Q%;-$#$R111#'\3
D2.P[-(RY;;O:M\;OV:=0^
GQ?^'?C*;QB+32O!MW#
M=1:&VF+
L\JWR3,)Q(I4R.)
QW
M9=00&X('&0.
$D#!/U/;XW^)W[
'QM_X:2\7_$_X8^


MQK#EI[F1G+.TA).%4L5EF*HJJ2=N3V]% 'S)\4_V8==U[]I7P5\9/FLZ;H

7Q3^U

MY\&]7\(Q?9(M4F\FZL+R^MUE2*XC=6#$XRC
@9X!*K(QOC:?/_ -E/]DVW

MR
K(5)!4CH*^-+K]D?XV?!?Q3KL?[/_ ,1=-\-^-5E6^?2_$ -R]O/\P:-


M;L=:^B:* /BSXH?LO_&YOVE?&/Q1^&?B_P -^%EUJUM[/S=0=FG$206R.&1K






MG:PMPZ@@E05+;5VH1$@5 S/]-T4 ?/?[

=+\':
M/ ?[
C5W5T+&14++OR#&R
S^5!YDK -'7;^
/V?O$'B+]L/P)\68;K2TT#0]

-HFHZ?=ZLM5AM8YWC7!$D7+ ^7(NTD*Z_-%$Q^X ?

V7=LO)*P(#[1[+
M35IU !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $%QC*
1GL..G0Y_2OC7




MFNG1G#
Y#E0V)&!.&8'[9HH ^0]&_8?UJ]^/7AWXF_$3XJ7/CR\TB1)4L9M)

NY

M8\+0S?8;63S]D&6N LVQ)Y!O90S=3R37UK10!\:?%K]B7XE?&^RT^Q\;_'N;
MQ#IUC(\\-HOAF&TA
C @
Z13JKE1T9@67YL8#
#]8^$M TWPGX9TK0M'@^RZ
M5I=I#96D&]W\N&- L:;GRS84*-S$D]3S6PU)0!ROQ.T/Q#XB\'WFG^%/$I\(



M_@WQS?\ A9[JY6[UC2/L7VJ&^$DOF747F
ZXCERS897*2?
I4+$B\9X/_81\






K;CLW$AC7@_AW]ASQ-I?P)\4_

TJ2.YCG+0N;H@H^PAHSN!=O
&/W@?[&:DH ^3_#


MSK7[4NOZ;=7OQ(AT'1M-B

XLO#R6^J:O:ATW)+<M<N5)16C#*
MGS!F\WS=Q)]3G^&LOA_X0IX

=OIVHPV*7:VJI*'E_=2-^\+J)

M.\UW.$A*[










MK

M+;[.)O
GDEXCW-M \S:/F/YXZ#TMJ2@&XVJT3-@$
-K-C )XQUZGH/K[U\

?





8P!G'&A110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 4M0MY9VCV2;%&=P]:XSXE*
3CBJ5]CGQ7\(^,-!\3:_P(I-
TO7?#_P#P

M8?\ EO PZJ?6LSX8^ ]8DU70+#Q!X@_X2N#4//-I)]DCL_LQC+2-\J8+;L+U

VAI3./XAG[G]^ON7CL#3S!.

M(EUV0C3M)L#MCVCS1F2)8_[J]&4=OQJ:U-8N2JX%6I=/PO\ WM68KZO;WOB#
MQ9X$T7P#;:#\,/VE?V4/&!NB)O/:7)M2MQ_RT8D<NW\0'/ Z5B?$1=)T]A9

MK#Y(FN7



M]L






G




MS^]WK/YV5:;'^C1&


RC[_






MUKN=/!T:



(KXAO%Y$BG)60V/^L^4?*S_ .J_X%SBK_[7







I/\JZA?@[9? WP_++=G

M4

JRH\SV-;2_$EGH;/JUKU\4H2_P#V[94?P_[1_A'X]O&/
MV==
B^


MW]?(\FE25;$\\MF=!^W-IY^'WQ2\'^-;;_4S?;V/_ ;:+U/]ZNWM9+?Q)\(
M=.UE?]9'YH/XW 7^E5O^BJQV/P(TZ1_OP^8Z_\  KJV/]:X+]DOQ(_B&XM/
M#


MA%QYD7[T9EV-_P  ]




W* ^7^/6JVU_L\4UU$&NA

*Q=%!/WF3M7QO\4/^G'A9+N
M33?A-I7_  G6I.?WLOVJ33?)( XVS0 -G



MZB_]!E /R[*^N8[CQ5;R/:Q:'Y5ZO_'W=?:XS]IS\R_+_#MRR^]3M;^
[%/M

M_P 






MX9E\$Q_NO^%M_P#EN/_ (NOI2WMM8E#HGP:SC&?^*GC:H;O0-65?,D^#/3I
M_P 51&M 'SDO[*?A)#NM_BU][[W_ !3\S?3J]7;3]E?PWS_Q=O\ \MN3_P+
MKV^$:W)(R6_P9^Y][_BJXZOV]KXD;/\ Q9G_ 



3_PN;_RV_P#[?7TCI=C?E)B_
MPFQC'_

-S?L<WK8
?QQ^O\
MQ2G_ -OJ/_ADG4K7_FN/_EJ?_;37M2PVS9'_  K#_P KM._L.VN_^:8=/^H[

+Q[?\ 0J?_ &^O
M58=!MM/D_\ L/];_U'?3_]=:__  B-MY/G?\*P[9_Y#M 'SY-^R5K=K(6M

DZE_

/I_Q/:C_ +%MO]9_PK#_ 



2[V^T+)_;J_-N49^[]!6?
M-X;MKK]Y_P *P]_^0[0!XO\ \

M\?\ RU/_ +.O4+C3[*T91)\



MK?X8?ZO[W_$]]?\ ]5:L:F&

J1_\

MZCM 'BTO[

M7B2U4O\ \+L\KS/^I4CYQ_VW]ZL?\

MS_J.T9_ZIA_Y7: /&M'_ &0_%



M !/).V/\:9Y.C^7_ 
D_X]/[;DH \(7]E?Q_8NX_X7C]_P#ZE2W[?]M3ZTK_

?





\


M(?-_X5X

M^1_PO'V_Y%2W_P#BZ];M-%T:




MCQY
#9\__BD+5L]



M7^M
;X)?&R8;/^%^_P#EFV?_ 



M\OX^].O_ !1MG_\ %UW

M$?#L:;O^$''_ (-9*SKNS\-V?_


M
_SJ\MQX2NH?/_X0;W_YTE 'GMU\_CC-=622?''[5NW8_XI2SBV]/]OG_Z
MU7=6^$/QLTV 1?\ YO_ V[/_XNNN@N/VI1SM'X7^P?9L9_P)E(V_=G^6

W^OZ_\ %-V?


7;Z_\



M?PA^
7]GF3_A;?[W'_0MV?\ \75F^UOPBT$R7&A^4Q^Y_ITG/K_2JVB#PYYG
MF?V1^ZZ_\?TE '

M3_BF]/\ _BZ[&^\4^$;#4(4M]#\UFSO_ -.DXQC']:BU;QMX;BQ_Q3OWO^G^

G6@#A[K
MX2?M.V?EO'\3_PW]^<_\4_IL'E8^K\YS^&VIK'P3^U'9[@OBWEO33-+7I_P

M1?(W7_0=*[?\/K6UJ6@_M4S(%@\1_-CY_\ 0=*_#^M6K#1_A=J5RK?V3_JO
M^GZZ[_7Z5+KEM\+K4!?[(_\ )ZXH Y.'PE^UQ:R2-'XC^_C/^@Z5VS_C4W_

M\M?^8D+_ '?]


M[%^$O^L^U_\ I90 FG1_M:PK.9N6;&W_ )!7O52ZM_VNY)
KT_[A']:DNI?A



?N+J7?CZ=
9_6F3

MB[X5R0SQMXBY7&/]!NO?TK)1OAGJMX1_PD7?C_0;KO\ 6@#'L;K]KTW :YTG


*Z*+6/VK!9Y?PF#+C_G_P!*K0T^\^&UJ)%MM<\UI,?\NEPN,9_Q
MJY;KX3\PR?VO^Z_ZX7% '%_VU^V%+*XC\._957_I[TAMWY_YYI?[6_;&'_,(
M_P#(^CUZ*US\-KZ(+<:YY31_].EPV<__ *JQKZ/X71_\S%U_Z<;B@#E%U;]L
M4YSI'_DQH]._M7]L7_H$?^3&CULVW_KMTG_ !47I_RXW%6/^+7?]#%_Y(W%




GPF
=O]/TJM[2]3^'


M=_Q
M(7'IUJM_P )9^V-_P!/_Y5M&KN-6_X0\:
7'BC^S]N=O^@W$N_.
_
M3']:H?8OAO\ ]#S_ .4FXH Y1_$W[9
F-G@WRL=?^)EHS9IO_1?MG#_ )E+
M_P G]&KL[74O FAL19^*/[0\[[W^@S1;,=.O7.3^5;UCJGA*\_YB_P#Y DH
M\TM]?_;$DW?:??3[O\ I^D?CTJ;^VOVN_\ H4Q_X'Z57H^N-X-MEMS)J_WM


M GQ-]NQ_TXW$6W_'/]*EUA?!*\?VO_Y N* //[WQ1^U;&L?D^!OM1.=W_$VT
MN+;TQ]?_ *U5?^$L_:T_Z)W_ .5W2J]V^6MXO^*B^R]?\ EQN)=W3\O_KT






MN!TZ_P Q22W?@'4O]7XW_+2KB@#S_4/&?[7KM#]G^'6%YW_\3W2/;'7\:EA\

MTD74G^RGP/UH \VM/&7[6#^8+[X8BZ QY?\ Q.M*7;Z_7M^5/?QA^U*O^K^$

E 'E$OC

M4CN?%O(SL_XETS?7I^%46C\$ZA_J_%O7_J%3?UH \ZNO%'[5L@0K\.^1G_F.
MZ55=O&G[7MN


M]6_[%\-W/_



2UE^]]WJP_NFKK
MZIH.B1BUO_%O[SH/]!;MUZ
: /++?Q)^U*Z%D\ ?V
W\7_$YTJ?S/\
?KGVJ

8^F

$H?AY^_F$I/_$\T_G;!YH_Y9'W]*]NTO3-.U.1[RW\3

M\

4[SI_P#GW_6@#XB_X79^U%_T2_\ \KNE_P#Q%'_[/VHO^B7
M_P#E=TO_ .(K[=\Z?_GW_6CSI_\ GW_6@#X??XZ?M10X_P+8=?^H[I?_P 1
M3?\ A?7[47_1

6P

M'Q4OQU_:A/\ S3 _^#[2_P#XBG?\+T_:A_Z)@?\ P?:7_P#$5]J+GO;9_P!
M[J7_ +=: /BAOCM^UN/^+8'_P 'VE__ !%-_P%\?M0_P#1,#_X/M+_ /B*
M^UW!XQ:_^/[:9M;_ )]?_(] 'Q:OQV_:A;/_ !; _P#@^TO_ .(IW_]/VH?

M?^:8'_P?:7_\13O^%Z?M0_\ 1



M_P NO3__ (BOL9KJV;'--^T6U 'QW_PT+^TA_P!$-_\ +KT__P(H_X:%_:0
M_PB&_\ EUZ?_P#$5]B?:+:C[1;4 ?'J_M%?M(1Y_P+&]?^IKT__P(I?\





M]O\ Q8+K_P!3G9__ !%0_P##6GQL_PB!?\ EYV?_P 17V=^XG]#BC[/!Z@


17V)Y=M1Y=M0!\

M!Z?K0!\6S?MA?&RSQ_Q8/[W_ %.5GV_[9&H_^&T/C9_T0/\ \O*S_P#C%?:K





_TG'3Y-N*=]BM_P#GU'Y4 ?$US^W]
MX^M=OVGX$FPW?=_XJRWDW^O_ PXQ_6H/^'A7C7_ *(R?_EM_\ XS7V\UND


MPC_PC]Q!Y*[?[56[SGS3VC7&/+]\Y]J^FVC=P%

W[4FM




M_P!EKF/ M_'XR\*Z5XEC_P7/S,_\D\O_VG7'CJ\JF6QSCKM_X#H=\(PPO^
Q\PD
MSX;?(V


M 

M-0W_ &JR^6/RO*2&!7W$GJ7]!TZU5+*X83
Y4:DMO\KFM3%5


MX


M9376XJ=@7?$TIX







M.AZ5+%2IJT=CZO\  _Q\/?$.*:]T*Z^TLK W'[N1=I.57[ZC^XW3TKO8_\
M5CZ5\S?LDZ2T=MK^LI8_8;+4Q:^2OG^9DQ5'XZCYLU]




11A


M^


M

?;KYX:VVVW
ZDKMR
M[?N_3YN





O=


*LGW?7GH*HZ5XHN]

#?-QCH.PJK^UTOAC4M6^'M[\0[7^P8[==



M^VXG4_)+\R_
'^N?:OHRO&QR:Q


MXEMPWK6S;KX%7)D\6_3_ (E-Q7;++\4!))]GTXQ?WOWUKSZ=:CEG^+0_YAWF





MCP_
NW\O\\47%OX*;'_%R#%_W KCFN_BN/B)8L_]E^%_-W8\S_3K?C'3[_U/
M2HYM4^+4G_


M4_

MZ ..FNM&DA5#\6< ?]2Y)6;]AT3S-_\ PMO_ 

MNX:X\?P






VE^*)IO-C^&'N?^)['0!!J=

I-:%Q:^+;A8U_X5A]S/_
=C[XJ2WTO
MQ1SYGPP^G_$]CH =8ZEIT

RW'CC[V
?\2IO?TK%OY=$:8-_PG/K_P PF2MN
MXLM?B:


*P^_C_
M )CL?O5?[/XD\W/_  K#_P KL= &3
UM;V;#_A.?O?\ 4)K2\*ZA;VL-QCQP
M#OV_\PKTS_C4U];^)+CR1_PK#[N?^8['[5%)!XHAA(C^&'WNO_$]CH QM0U2

M2?##_5]/^)['W_\ U5KR6/B'4(T+?#7RB.G_ !/8^: $NKBVN(X9_P#A..N?
M^85]*K?V];?ZO_A.?_*33O



M_P )/:K

-I Y_X5KY6?
M^H[;\T 99N/L-PZW'CG[V-O_ !*?3_\ 75NWO+:3/_%<_P#E)K3^R^++SFX^
M'?W?N_\ $\A_I39+7Q1#_J_AMYOK_P 3V/B@M)<VT


/O8Q_P 3



29FW9SCK^/YU8VW-K_ 

;9

=_P D


+9)^GAL4^30=2N-Q_X5A]JV?\ 4=CBV_X_



K?3K72Z3



/^*_\ *Y_Z!/6M;2M(U9H+@ZI\
M//LOW?+_ .)RKYZY^[T[5'IND[;R3_BAO3_F+?6@K?76V;_ )*)_P4FG6]
M]MR?^%B?^4FK]UI.Z9S_ 






M?* KT'PE\9OAWXDF(\

ML30!0[?V



#^\_P!.NI=Q(W=WP.IZ



MH?M



M:&T1O^:M_P#EMR?_ !%;EW^Q/\'+[9]H\)?=SM_XFUYWZ_\ +?VJO_PPO\$_
M^A2_\JUY_P#'J 




M 



MKOF87Q;]J'?_ (EL:[?_ !S_ #BMW3OB?J4^?




M-\W_ (2+W_X\8ZY^+_@FM\%XFS'X=^O^G7O_ 
D&M+_AW;\'/*V?\([_ .3]
MY_\ 'Z -H_$SQ'&JK_PD73_IQC_^)-)_PM#Q'_T
7_DC'_\ $5R[?\$V?@VS

/_ )(Q_P#Q



;?G=__ !^@#TVX\3:VVW_[
M74/_  DFM?Y\NO./^':_PO;_ )9M_P!_+M?_ &O1_P .U?A?_<;_ +_W?_Q^
M@#TE?$WB1<_9O^!?ZO\ G?\)1XM_P ^77FG_#M3X9M_JU*^N9+IOYSTG_#M








MG\


M


MZ5'_ 

OG^$P ^
?Z?#VSZ5KFU\12+F3P


;[
M'#=_OWX3]W<+4MW:^/#<<<U]-YJ29)_X^.
8_QH ZJ2/Q%=69:X\#?.?^HM
M'5G1=
U; 





K95TAVY5O
M](W+RE '@WB+]M?XR_'KXI:IX



L@.;N&/:
MX^9=R0


N%RZKO*994R:LQ_#CPI'XT;Q7_ 
(QHQ\3

_;9^$/

L%&\_)N
MHUMJ^B?\)-K^DS^8(;S2_!T%U;R$

M+IA



I*D'@G&:_1B!


MA:]^%G@FW\8P75Q-!JV[3[F^FMQB



 LH^[Q


M)T'2=:;5M
M[J*&[L[BXNI+F6YFA$2^3

MP\





M!;/]H7)^8@D%O7W)SCI0!]%K3J:M.H **** BBB@&XSE#NPH/(Y]1W_/KQ

HN((PI

M@#PO]LCX_7W[.7P=?Q)I-K:W6LW5]#IUBM_$TEJLK!I&:4*Z-M$4
N-ISO*=

M&*]-_PKG_)NN@?]C5:_P#I-=5]'?LY?\F]_##_ +%;2_\ TDBH ^$?$7_!
M13X\_#O4-
&;_R3?Z+HMEIMS]E&(?






C_B_#O7K9EFLL-@I8&/

M\+:W'L5?*/[OG_6R'[O/8=:^HO$7P]LOBM\0/#'BZTYM+4W2S?\B6(='4_
MP'L?PKQSXX^*['1_B?8QZ1]X[_

MC
/.6*YSTKX?^#;?XB0^(O#5]Q;Z2UOY'WO^6F9&Z



MY63XK:9\/OA+X:C?4?L$

MOX;^T^R6UX83_K-V[R_
;^^W][T'7OVQ/B\USK'[1G@_3KD?\2BW-WC_ 
!5
M8=/F^\5Z5T?P1\87:WTT4VK?VK!J'_'O^X\KRQ'YF[^$DYP/3I7CW[5_QKMK
M'7DTZT_Y5EO8?BL;'JFW[I;K79E^'QN.S:IKU_R(QE2G4I0C3-3Q_JLNB?




K7_3Y


MBZ-YYOFX9KNX^6R4#Y?]''SMC\=U?0U(T\+A5%QTOTT=E:_^)W^)]%YGC85U
_$O
MPCHMUH.J^-_%W_1^--'
HT2R_LZ6U\@R!5N1N0-%)F)A_K2Q&WC!-:^D_LO


M $=I/NE9

Z0E/P_P!77L/PP^&J



GD:3F?'^J*L/


M ;CX=?#'QSYFJMDW-C_9?0?ZU!OEWK_JW?[I^O:L

(O'?]G1610W\_P#8S2_9-VP1<(PW;L*O'K72



5@Z=!J-722C_P -YF



_ =5^*'P9T;5]=XU



TO


6UNT?K75E






MJ^;HL2^K+_Z&* /B[XR2Z%K7[96D1:UIWV\Z89FA_?R1;/
TY-WW.N=B]?2O
M0KC_ (0B^\;RQS^'LI\@'^G7'_/


OV3_R

VS_A+OF_[!5O0!P5A=_#.X:59+3[
MF
?O[COFKG_%KO\ GT_\CW%=G)!\1A@KXNX/_4*MZ9Y7Q(_Z&[_RE6] ''I9




MX[X_PJ[877Q*E

M:M9RV]QJW_'MC;^XN/XLY_E7
3Q_#?[9G^U^_P#SPN*]/CM_B9;[Y9+S_7=/


@6] 'F37GPWC(']K]?^F%Q

MY MZ .)CL_AO:QN?[7^]_P!
+CM6?_Q;?SO^0O\ ^0+BO3)Y/B1)'C[7T_Z8
M6]8__%R//_X^^_\ SPMZ .1U)OANJP?\3?U_Y87'M4
-Q\-X_P#F+]?^F%Q7
MJ%FWQ(6




ME$Y;Q;Q'T_XEMPO7_P#561.W@F\F\K_A+?;_ (\;BN[%Y\7 &5M(X/3]_9U#


MZ?A5.XC\$\?\5;_Y2;BO3[F3XF0JOV.SZYW?/:K].OXU1FF^+
G_ YG_O\
M6= ':7'X-VW C\9^5]W/_$IFYZ^M
^Q^$O.S_PG/_E)DKO+=?B&SG^U+3_K
@#S9]-\-VRM]H\<_?\ N_\ $IDK
M.;3O7G _P#<_\ E)DKUJZ_X3:X:(7%ITSM_P!3[9Z?A4O]G^+?*S]D_P#1
M= 'FT$?A:-0(_'/U_P)3)5ZW_X1OG_BN?\ RDR5U
T?C:.3%O:?[W^I_#K4
M]O\ \)_S^Y\K_P !^: .2NKOPW$@_X3W9YV1M_LF3G'_PNEL_AWH 9KV/Q









/A-81CQ

7F#_MGQ
M0!YAY/A*VO)1_P )S]_'_

M_CG_ 
I

M




_*V[=W_$MF;/7UK:^Q^&Y(L?\)S_ .4F2M756^)UU?+YMI]E


M]\C1I&^]T_\ 035.YD\

M[_-_7_\ 77+^./C_ *+\









MA[\.?$WB=[7[:NBZ7=:G]G\WR_


R(I=G9]NV 88J
EUW(3P_B3]JS]H/

:=)HGFQVT=[H^LK;16Q=F7

MA6X4].I]/7_ZU?/'[)/[*'_#

MK.#.R?*

M-C_*X662

M0
%21S
[% D 0L5^8L

(3

M(KV\DDEE-R\L

![7Q1X4OOMFE3
8VBD^6


M P

MZ*\?SQVY5LQNAXR1G!Z5]1? 'XM?\+X^#N@^-SH\?AY-5%P6T\W'GF+RIY(=
94<F0!-BAO

M

M065SJ=UK^Y;-))55YI$:V3IN+'++]VOL7XX^)-1\'_!CQWKVDW/V+4]+T_

7P]@BT+5-7U3QAHAU
M:TL].LFN1DO)A(GC+^:PMXXISCE!.




MCQJSPMN56W(Q*G*KTZF^./&&E?#_P ,7WB#7-3ATC2+&/S+B[FY#(Q\O5R




MCU[2[7Q%I&I:9-(! 3AU19F5

M

M]NOACJ7A?1HH0]KK4MXMS97QWNCQJ[1Q






2KY







H:H)GUO1YFT6_N9F+FZDA1-LWF&1VD+1


MS
I7;Q&%;#




M 1L[@#L?:QC% 'I/PV\=Z;\3O ^C^*M'?S--U:V6ZB.Y69-V=T3[6($D9&QQ
MGAD8=J\K_:P_:6UC]FO2-$U:Q\ 7_C+3+KSS?WEO.\%OIVQH5C\V189 ID:7








XO)O-VXV?NX5QZ]/PJ;_BK?\ /EUQ


.E^!8U'V/P9

)MZ+U_X]ZY/5)O#<-NO_%#]?\ J*R4
MS33X;N(=W_#?<_ZBTG?_P#50!W_ )WC18T$W7M_J?Z4GVCQ;_GRZ\TMKOPM


FI8_\%:5[%X;F\.^&=6M1IND?V4;A
M_G_TN2?S-JMC[_3&3TZY]J\2UO5%O/VY/A=MZ;-2_P#38M 'VK81[+<'U)_F
M:LU5T^/9;@^N?YFK5 !1110 4444 -:OAO\ X*M?#'4O$_PI\.^,K0M!X7N









CH=SD*H R
M#0!^HQ[?7^AK\G_VD_AWK_Q6_P"C.K^&?VIQZ+X@N)[*XLM2FGE@6VEATR



MHUMJ5NMR&
3/#!J#@




MU^(FC9U50XS#O!VKCS-N#MW-^GOQB\57?@7X4^
_$UAY/V_1=%O=2MOM1Q#Y


M5Y'G8.!;2!@PG '3&SWP.Z_:0_:^,OQ[^%6H^(/V=/%OAV#4)8'N;YK2\N

M^8%M[A=TKH.'DCZ'/I3?^=WPQU7X8_ !X=8L[O3KG5M5EU%;+4-/:QN8!Y
M


M#[QM6W!NF!P.





6O>'=8T+2-$TVTVXU.TM[5
M9/MB,MU!&JN[28

MPCX7OY(9K_1-&LM-N)+;=Y+/# D99-P!P2I..V10!VTZFK3J BBB@ HHHH



M[T[[=)X@WK;F:%XO
*_9TW8W]-ZY]1UKU;_@EG\)?$W@?P)XL\6:[9/8:?XJ


T

M%M]IU!MFQ/
5.0X[MQ75:A).LUND5MY\;[M[;]NW&



/E '2/N:ZCQCH]I^R_P#$C4_'
MTEX'TN00GR/+*XPI #P78Y:7T XYSVY\]PE'-ZE7P5G[O+^%S' 8N6%I)K


H$OEALB*0W'\
M*JO2
?Q ^M?2WQ
_X1_]F/X$V/AZ\G_XFTNX)/Y#?O
7


GV&08^


Y\S_6

MNO\ BG[YI6BAV;=S)D@&Y,-]Y4_B'XUZU#$T,5F#AT7Q=SSZU.-*C$-O\

M?[

;9)!!J?8

M6ZB&

M?9EE^TE&41#S)MS)M
CM\F

B^7)/


M;X





M
O$%E\6YH/LJAW\V#]R=@T'*Y_O]D-?8/Q@T#6)KS1-2T33?[2:S%QYT7G



MV^IR6'BKQOKOBST+^U/B]H ASHGVQDP9XA%GS?(_X]U9N%;[W9NN7*H4XT
MZ=TGO???33MYG)##T7&\]S@]+\%_WQUH'_+)XT\N638]M'_9MT?LO[PROP

MUCPU\:OA+JWC+Q/X;_L'5-(\LZG)_:




MIW]D?$+1V4W5IYC7'S2XCB&^1DB_U49^Z#UYQQFWX1N8=8\32_#_ .+MO]B\

X-*ABJ6$Q;QLM&DE;M9)?/HSJGRXFC%


MB4R?N7^W--(MQ
/WC;5V+O\ OD_?XP0
\%\4O#?BG1OA+X(TKQ?/_8GCZ07V


M^([4WVAZ_'#_ *QFM@?^^Z]VC.-;
*LI;^Y^1A43CA::?G^9K^&9+WQ9I]UI
M^@^

M9F^R+'G-HK= IQUKUG]G'P3IOA-O$_B7Q+IXOKBS6T_L_
TB;?


MZ1LKO3LM#'':TX6/8_VG/%E[XS^)'@;3-$_TJR0:B+OE8]H
$6WJ 3T;IZ5W
M7Q

M=SX@CD:\.SR?+\@O&O+;MV?-;[N
8]Z]%^
GQ'LOC%\%;J5;3]]G!_?M_P _
M$:]U']SM7FSP\UB\%3I1]R

MCTFWM)MQ





M?^)LW&?K]*NWEGIKS1C_ (0'RMO_ %%NM6E;3XH3&WC[S3'_ -0GI56SOM-E
MF?\ XK[RMG_4*ZT 1ZA#;++9FW\#=-V[_B;?3%=!]L/]G[?^$'XQT_M6N;BN





MVS6_^BM_^6W'0!QT-GX'U!OM%OX=_?6WW?\ 3IN_U^E:MO)X-OH9/MGAW_5X
MS_ITW]/I6WYGBF1A-;?%K

3*X7'3/]*JIKGP^U#[WA+C_L+7%=OIMQXS




M[F/^83;]\U'_ 
7(\W;_ 


M[5]G^R?NLX_U]Q7I\*^.K61?MOBW*MT_XEL*_7I6YYFM?9\_\);^]Q_SX1T



M:S^+K/SDOO$GVAWQY1_LV%=N

^9%XLVQ^G]FPM_.@#AOMW

GBW/IG3
MH5_E0!S-O_PJ?RI@MISQ_P M[SWK&:U^&;-

MB??'V/GT_K6M9:CKMQ&T7_2_O@
;OL
= 'CJZ?\
)/-\FTYXW?O[K^M9_]


M?FEL[O\ B6VZXZ4/'X^
;-_PEOW?^H;;M0!QEUJ'PWGL+0?9/NAO^6]Q[5DW
W_F&VZ]<_X5/-'X_C_YFW_RFV[4
_9.G7]_<5VEE!X_F64_\ 6_=
MQ_S#;=?6J\W_  L61MD'BWGO_P 2VW:@#E-4\8?#KPS]G@L;3BXW7]_<?PX
MQ_Z$:;]J^&FIQB9K3YQS_K[CO796=C\1;
2?;O%QS+CRL:5;]NO\Q2OI/Q.W






7G_\ 3^;%G_GPM^* .5;Q-\.XM-#RZ=YL=OG'^EWXW?*??O


M9_M6]C\LY#CC?DY_I5+Q=X9_98^$_B*.RN_#'V6ZE4[_ /3M4/ 4
.=Q!^^:


M_N)I
@J/2(XQCOZU=L?VO?A1J&H_8K7Q





M[O\ M/Q7JRPRZS?(S^4S('

M-CJ
^N

)$*EWV([GA2,,K
M@'S#_P $W/]SXD_:FTG489;5++1=/O=2G20_O/*


M9QER8Y(B9GE MA+*%C(?=&-F 0A3[!TOX0^$]#^)VL_$2QTK'C#5[7[)=ZA]
MKEVW




M=0F\5?%&[GCO;JSD?1-*#Q@LDFQ)9IV7R^&:-X4#H02))U*\@GY)^ NFWNC_



M


XKP+]N+QEXX\/_  EN

#M8 JS?!





M^P_XO_9RTS^W?ML/BGPB)$B?6+6)X[B&5C& ;J+D*C
60
KD
8UW8+!#Z[^S

MVYO+?4_M
=K*50)%@;#&4/S-G;VQSZ+_ 

M8X*L%90#AO\ @GS_ 
FA^ _^W_\ ]+[BOG3_ (*]2/#%\*I43S2O]K8C^;YR



G

M

M#



9_6E_X8C\&Z+?(-0^(GFD[

%_'7V:6V




M W!_U?\ Q-F_'I^%6;C0]$CA'_%#=1_T%I* +:ZUJ4S


M

M:QZ=!;1_9O _VK/WO^)JWR^GWO\ /%2;[?\ Z)Y_Y5: +D.L27:MYGCG[O3_



MM;99F_XMWU/_ $%JT_[.MO)S_P *[_\ *M0!/-XHN;M4%OXY^[][_B4K_6IK




MCHI/^%@?MG_]/\ ^5;1J /N_= OI1YD'M7PQ:_$#]LKYO,\ ^;TQ_Q-M&XJ
MQ_PL#]L;_HG?_E6T:@#[?\R#VH\R#VKX@_X6!^V-_P!$[_\ *MHU'_P/VQO



M^#?1_P#XBI/^%H_MB_\ 1.V_\&^C_P#Q% 'WG&L:YV?C3Z^!9?BI^V*N/^+=
MG_P;Z/\ _$4S_A:W[8O_ $3O_P J^C__ !% 'W[17P%_PM;]L7_HG?\ Y5]'
M_P#B*/\ A:W[8O\ T3O_ 

M;TU?1_\ XBMW_A8W[6WV7S/^%=MNQ_T&-'_^(H ^WO/&2*7SAZ5\_\ W_V


M9UK2UZ?\ J'_ (:5_:@_Z)T/_!YI7_Q% 'WS)J-O#C)ZTU=4MY
\U\#-^TE^
MU#(R@?#K'TUG2V_]DJ_9_M!_M.OGS/AW]/\ B=:6O_LE 'W9]LMY.]+]HMZ^
M&K[]H3]IFU6
_P#N_O9_P8[I7;'^Q53_AI#]IG_HG?_E=TK_XB@#[Q6YMU

-+?M0_]$Z'_@]TK_XB







;H ^^_+H\NO@9?VMOC\V?^
=__
M \M/_\ B*7_ (:T^/W_ $;O_P7GI__ 
10!][.KK]S\:9'')\V\Y]*^%(?
MVLOC8UK/_:'[/OE=-G_%96//7/1/I4FF?M8?%K_H@7_EY6?_ 

M\'FG?_$4 ?9WUFOW/QQ2_VA;5\93?'K]H^/'_%NAS_U'-._^(J/_A?W[1__
M $3H?^#S3O\ XB@#[+N=6MH=O[[RL_[&[-0?VY;?\_?_ )!KYMOV@?VCUW8
M^%7V_P#[F#3EV?\ CG?^E3?\-?M(?\ 1&?_ Y-/_\ B* /L33KR.^\SRYO




MVV\
W[:9!]NNB8\0^8J8.\8Y;BNG!RF\5326B:ZV.7$_ ?%?[+FH?#)OBEH(

M@^
=/DE_TM6L\1;&7@PJPY'!ZU]SA:M6KFD^:.VVMSYFM_#8G[-M_P&O!O@
M_0M6&E?96OS

LOVV
\2+/(#M\H-U Z&F


M-/&7A6&7PE_H,;,!_IUOT,I_'M7S!IWBB/XO?$'3%\:AY
%L9#/^[W9WP_
M)_KD4_P/TS_*OIGXA:W\2/A_X=@6'5LQL#^XM_[R+_[-7M8Z-25;TZ3BVE

M)?\ KX/_ )&BKEO!8U_5O#7B'4]=N_M37 B



M0V?VL


]LU9RNW^AY_
M).G1A3GNO\S!N/&7@G4O'ES\1?!WB3^P?%NK+NUE/L
ES]H\J
VT/
H6-=L0


D@P/+B
ME[P[3E!Z]J\W
J6(EC7AZ46HOXKO26G;IV.[3C3P\:CW9WEWXJO_-K;WGQ

M_A&9+C=N1(A\\Q!^]YAX!^]7NWC*UUW7[5H/'%G_ &3I*[=D/F1S?:CN#'F'

#*


M:U9O[0UH
OER?Z+'Y6
OT *'
9'4]JUQ.%59MPY?:67-?T/5P]65-*VQ]+?!


MYSQ;X+LO&WAR33+['E2%#_WS(K_7^ 5TL^YMJ+T;K4
LL+'[.QY/&*A2GAY*
MI1

L?D_Y:R%1Q(W;G/M7G5I




MSS?

M=5C6/:MOG$@&=_'0U]1@*F








.ND6_]GLWV8-M6X&XRAI








MKQW/2K'B*U33/'VKRMUO#H_
_XUB?#G7K6^^+?B1[7[L#6X/XP2?X5VG[1

M/$'[0GA_2I^%E%P1][_GTW=F']WWKV77OBEHD'Q
M/AW*


M?CKX\U?P+XP;X60?\@J8#9_J_P!5N/[I_O_ //05]6?'2XOK6&TTCPFXCFM
MWVE!M.=[1NO


;?TKER




S=&




M/FU+Q-_PCHC%CL7[USY_P#H)ST^[MX^N[VKUF7QUX1:<0_\)ZJ.





M4VH:#YN5^


M9Y?PE]

M#%L=.7C_ (5+C/\ U

+:^Y_U+?K_

=?YT'2?

_P/Z52U\FO_P#4^
_*
M/.?^)3UH YJ\CT.QVR^&'VL29W_ /%0,FW'3K]3^55&T_1+S_6_7_RY&_I

;/^)-NW8Z_P Q^=74UB2\_P!7\3_K_P 4_NH Y!O#
M/AJ#E?A+RW7_ (J22D_L+PY_T27_ 
N22NKOI+F#RS_PL_[V?^9;^E5/MES_
=G9_P 3F:?S



YQUZYQ^E32Z7X2DZ_#O\ \KLE:$^H:EYG^D?$K[?_ '?^


M77$GP[^G_$];^E:TD.KRQQF3QGYN.G_$ICXJ/_B91_\ 

M




NHW2SR?\);
M\TN,?\2F/W_QJE=^%?$^_P U?&?E1]?^03'S0!S<FA:'903*OP\^5L?\QV2F
M:;X=T2ZQ_P 6[Z?]1V2MJ\LO$,ELZKXYYCZ_\2F.JNF+XDM?^9YZ_P#4)CH
MP=2L/GA^[*W_@S^SQ<?=_XFTTN_;UZ=


JPO/ \





Q2^%X4:/2_!OV]9/]=_Q-IHMN.G7KG)_*HE
M\-^%E2::3X?[&;!*_P!NR?-UKJ9H_$6L75O##\1/M0YW?\2../;TQ]?_ *U3



5FTV.
P/X#*K-_#_;D





^9X=Z=/\ 3IOZ5)YW@UN(_#OU_P!.F_K5MM2\8W
H
M$?Q;^[U_XIN.M2R;QC-_K/BU]/\ BFXZ .?FU#PEIMO)_P 4[_K/^GZ3M_\
MKJ71-2\)77_
N]/^GZ2NFNH?%L5JQ_X6UU_ZEN.H]/N/%/DMYGQ5\W'3_BFX

MO5(%\1V(
UY\3_M4(Z_\4_&N*9=OXFUJ+.B_$GR2O7_B1P\^GWOH: /GY/AG



-Q_\;KYYT?]B/X3M!'J

1VG_SBNC;]D7X3:C:_98;3Y\8/[^Z_K/0!Z\G[2/PYOF;
M['XG$17[_P#H-QSGI_RS^M/_ .&@O __ $-@_P# X_^(KP/_@GC\+]/FEG


MB*?_ 
+X\$_]##_Y(7'_ 


M7_@G_P##?G_BHO\ R1N/_C]._P'?_PW_PAB_\ )&X_^/T ?4+?'OP*N-_B




1Z8W?T45\R_\
#?#FYC(OKO
M^UO^K_X^(MGK_RWYSQ^58FJ?\$[?AO-CRH?*Z_\M[CG_P CT ?6%QX\T.QV
M[M0^Q;_6-WW8_P G&

_P=/A2VDE:

K;+


M67_#_EO)_P#'ZG_X=I^$O\SR?_'Z /LIO$FF\4W_ (233J^-_P#AVGX2_P S
MR?\ Q^C_ (=I^$O\SR?_ !^@#[)'B33NFXCZ;OZ5)'JFG7.?F)Q_UTKXNF_X

]*9



L
M#%MF,YW=\^OTJPTGEXKX)M?^:]Q!YC:AXB_M\OC9_H*VWE=<])_FSQ]-OO5


?IO_#O?Q)_T43_
M 

MC_\ C] 'W/%-YF?:I*^%E_X)_P#B2WS_ 


MMFK?V5#_ *1Y/^B-/O\ ] 3/3ICCZY]J]YUS5]*A\16U[-XQ\AF+_+_94A_A


GP1\+_&K6;*]O?''_'B7*?\2J;^-8\]'7^X
:8_P#B57'_ TC*'_EM[CM

)!HG_0\_\ E*DJ




=?3!_.MN









MS?\ N+=* );/4H[-)#)XS\[S
(M$FFA/_<_=S_SI/:MK_A)M&^R[?^$WXQU_LJ
M2LFQT/6Y-Y_X5ATQ_P QV.K7]CZWT_X5?_Y78Z 
IM2L;FY)L_'WE;3\_P#Q



U-_
MPEO[GR_^%B=L?\@FJ

MYN)(OM'P[Z9V_P#$V7VSTK6M_#_[D_\ %N__ K4 59_$'S?\E$_\I-1_P!O
M_P#51/\ RDTZ3P_\Q_XMW_Y5J;_8'_5._P#RK4 36_B+;N_XN)_Y2:F_X23_
M *J)_P4FJ+:#MQ_Q;O_ 
JM-_L/_JG?_E5H GO/$6XI_P 7$]?^83]*6W\2





?@?T
MS_Q-?K55YHYI-LG@'S?3_B;=* +EQKFI:DP&G^/_ O+^_\ \296SGIU^AJ+
M[1XD_PBB?\ ECJ&XL+=50_\(#Y6[_J*]:A^QVW_0C?^5:@\E]K\.?
^(G


MQ^*/-\SK_H





M[6Y)O$GGM&MOL/V&

M?E7T?7RW_P $^9(Y/A!^[M/LO)S^\W;O](N?\_C7U)0 4444 %%%% !1110


BQ[=W4]*\X^




M_G\D?_QVW5J^LI35'-ITY[?\Y\Y*GS89H\Y_8YU^S\*V?Q!GNH_,^Q?8OS






+E





M8.6+G[26[/FS1-#^+GBSXB7_ (V^&EY_9_A74%@:&/R[-]VR$PMS.ROQ()/X


M?4(M)_M+^R!ML_W_ )7^LM5S][_:4_?_  [UR/Q._9(L-.MW_L^\^W:T@'F-
ML:+RB$3/WI2K90R=N

BC9U4)
M]U&^Z3[]JUCB



M
R2?VI=6F2N$/R+NA_U# ]NG.3G'JFL_KPCXX2Q\8^,/B;]MTEVE&A_\28

MK2#KWKJEFD

M618M/V7!%L$8Q-^\MV._?N1_F'&[T+5VNA^*/%W[3GB*XB\/:F=*^%+A2Q\B

M1Y
6S ^^QSYG&


M*M5^
'QTU/Q2\6WP*7C;PU)O4[\V\L5WP0)!^]0?ZP=_EXK!_:BT.6&WU?4I
M_P#CW0P _P#?42?T]*\:AE]7

UC#$U-8)=ENE9:=MCKDO:8.%/U_
[WPK\.





MO?Q6KLW13ZBNI^(.N6?Q_P#!?_$NXFT_:O\ %_%+&W=1_P \JX#0?#L5U\1_

1P?O16S2'N?[WJ/Q[=V
MGA8XMSE\6GY'-2A.MA%;S_
\I_:4TR[\4:;!K;_?*29_!HU_]EK
_8=T635M


S:9_


MGX.91]['H?NL/Y5PX2-AD]I-?O)7N_+F9Z6(_Y&
Z;\OR1F^#?C)J/@PQ#


7[1#8[#M6(?ZS[V
'[O_ #RYZBF^ _!FCW'BKQ#X3DU#[*FEM;_;
M+;R9&\_S$
J_/NPF





D;B@#T'SO'



9O]7\
/K_ 

M!%:_#/3[JX
GC/S=^
?\2VZ7&
^GUJ?=\*IO]9XMZ=/]!O* .VTO1?%%LTQO
M/A5YN[&S_BH85QUST_KW]GZW_T27_RY(ZX6QF^&5MO^Q^*/-W8W_P@W7'I


F,DDT/_  KO[+#'C9_Q.=V[.<_T_.K7
M]E_]2-_Y5JX;3[[P[NEBD^+?VJ:/&[_BGY%VYS_A^E7?MGAO_HJ'_EDH [6
MWT3=:7


M7OO$WAFQ


Z?_ &9

MOGO_ 
4VW]: )K3P_IMIO/\ PJ_[+OQ_S

M3!YANOB?]K#8V?\ $B:+;USTZ]ORJ]]HT[_HH?\ Y2I* **Z+ILV?^+=]/\
MJ
[J=_PC^F_]$[_\JM37&J:;:[?^+AXW?]0J2H?^$@TW_HHG_E*DH BN-)LK



G\C3K?7-&E9X5\<?.O!_P)50!FVF@:7%9I(OP[Y;K_ 
3:EMX--\TI



]6_M7I6)-XIM+7S;3_A/O*DU CRO^)2W.WKU_WA6WX?U*



;_P +YQG;_8<E %_6HKE-4=]0\ ^;O\ N?\ $V7CUZ?A4-Q]
MF\D?\6[_ /*M52UUW3?[1NU_X3[S=NW_ )@TBXZ_G6C/KFF^3_R/WE?]PF3F

TN/;*?A4LC'G \1L
?D:BFU
MBPFD94^)_P!E)_Z@;2;OSZ?_ %ZS+ZSC::7_A;^Q1GY?^$;Z]* +J6]I:L8
MU^&'V4-_U,#-N_.KMOH]LN9?^%=^_P#R&=U7-'O+:)M_P 1?MABQ\W]AM%C
(-.L_]?\6LY^[_ 
4XW]*
M&6EG9:QYAD^$O^IQC_BI&[Y]/I2KI^GV\F%^$O/_ &
C?UI\VM6.L*/LWQ:

M_&%DMC







''7^U9*P?$&N66JW
MVCK'X^\KR?
S_P 29FSG9Z_2K=EJUO:ZH

MNR=HVC^(GRKG=_Q*:N6_B#1FC
2_$3]YT/\ Q*F_I0 6/AG2U5Y%^'?+XS_Q


M.X\R[7Q]YL%MS+_Q*9.



M*CU+P[HUJ
+X!\T\_P#
6;C\ZOVFGI

?$3_5]?^)-NZ__ *J -2_TW1O#$36O@7<;_/F
M+_;
BYV=/_0C7._\2A;CSO\ A6?S9SO_ +=DKK-(U*#1%DB;QS]J(Q_S!MNW
MK_G\*T/^$^MON?\ 7?^4F@#D;C[!XBDM8&\[8XLC;_ &S(V
X_VAZ5U
7P
ME\.K8_:5\#_/C)_XFLG_ 

DG@758?



MQ\XQ0!YS=WO@&POI8[CPOYJD_)_Q



M^)5;^V*A\SXD?]#=_P4FWH Y:?0?AG9[?+M/O=?W]QVJ6WT_P&_/\ HG_D

M_IZ=






M!YIK&G_#=M0












_\N-QV_P#U



M)&XKU:XO?'+R



M_OWQ0!QE_KO@J.&);GQEYO!V_P#$NF7'3/3\*SH?%7@UFS_ ,);_P2-Q7?
M377C;2Y(UM].\WS







MKM+/4/B/

M4EQ'X;DP?^$Y_P#*3)767




N6^)NP^G]A25Z)X?O_&=K;SB







8/YUEZ=

:_2G_ &/Q)_T3O_RN
MQT 5;?5([=B8_'WE9Z_\2GK5V3Q!YD)7_A8G_E)I$T?4KI6.H?#O[OW/^)RK

EQ_P@/E8_ZBW6@#/BO+GR;HV_Q$Z[=W_$I^N*ETR\U+C_BX

QU)MO_ !;O_P JT=2V^GZES_Q;O_RK1T /
MOM3O5M\3?$?8A(_Y@?F9_P *CU2^5?7B
KXF_M8E+;(^P^3C]Y_7^E27FFW




MGO\ AW^E]C_PJRJT]D_0\^-/FP[9PGQ/FG\ _&3PKXIU'_D&2_;!/]%MUB'O

MWD-Z;9U9O_0!7GG_  3G\
V.G^)-2DO)-]U:+'Y*_-QO6YSTX].M?29A3PE3




M\PJ


]7V

MTJ\^.GA(W-U@78O=X\B3HEM'LZ
3]Y1T KV


M['_U




.0IRJ_P  (X^;
L9$\A\NT0!=NV!?G<$^9WP:

M\#5-[7']H @3N?+E8O+#
O)^;.:=\

C_LJ
MUDWELXY7;(
2VZ]


?_'TH8?.

M]:LCV:SC12\B]9
9_K-4M.N8G:6VC^] %W?\&:NUY2ES*YZ:5E8****8PH
TGBTC\A8-YD\JV
M?YXRP'WEZH?;O7T]\</A[<_$KPA/86P_L[5UP+*XV++C+H7^1FGY5[U\G_$
M[X4^

MU/E\5A]69]Y^T/\ $7QMX2M=6T6P_L[6[T.;2030S^68WV%L-$N[(3'('WN.


M:V6K#P'XRU![1;-S:_VCN9(R\@^;Y%S7^]U\WCDO4G*='EIQCR^2M^
EK8
MX\*O8.2?4\C\0_$KPAIOC2+P?XY^'?\ 9R*Q_LE/[?DE\D&(32C











M&-+NOL]]?+



MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (INJU%)_KK?ZG^1J6;JM12?ZZW^I

MXX_Y8V?]T5\_7'_/_\ #1'CC^W=(_M7C3_)_P!+D@\O_0AN^YUS\O7ICWKT
M&^F\ 0W?\4EU _YBMQ_=6@#O[:+XHS7$XGN_NXV_N+7W]*L_8_B1_S^?^0+

M]^XM?PZU!Y/Q:_Y_/_(%G7%+=?#RYSY?A+[O7_B:W%._XH#_ *%'_P JMQ0!
MUTR_%I60?:^O_3SJS]E^+/E[OMG_DSK@;C_A /
C_XI+U_YBMQ5W_B@/)_
MY%+_ 


?+_?VO
M?KT^@J_-:_$=IE(TG('_ $\6]<)9V_P^NKE1-:<+]W]_<=^M.UBQ^&\/_+IU
M_PF]Q0!Z+*?B.+-T&E<D?\ /Q;U6TVT^(:9\S3O*W=/W]OS7$Z7I/PWOQ%'
M]D_\CW%5_$EC\-])Q']DZY_Y;W';% ':3Z3\1%NY&CM/O=?W]O1)I_Q(CC+?


M-C\0)$?SM.\H_P .)[?FLJ[L_B-;R@KIWF@_]-[?BN771_AY/&YCM/N]?W]Q
M69)8_#RUF'F6G7I^_N* .YD_X61($'_._:L?]/=NNW_ #_2GI#\0VQYGA+Z
M?Z=;UREOK_PPTB,I-_HIE^[_ ,?$N['\NOZTR:^^&NI?=U'RA_UPN.: .YC;
MXAV\3K'X2^]U_P!/MZRI+/XD23%O^$2[_P#/_;UQEQ_PK?1Y8S_:_P#K\_\
M+X[?_KK3CG^&\D(;^U__(%Q0!UEO;^/V4BX\)=/N_\ $RMU^M2_9?&O_0I?


3?_P @7E._M3X3?]!?_P @7E 'I5O#



_P#(6CKSAA\
(XVGM=1\TS=?W=TN
=.OUJI9ZQX#TZY+M=_N\_\
78L_!GE.=N__B90MGY1C[WXU4\OQ?YNYO7';_3H?Z5PDEY\*]3
C+J
M/E%0




M9U^[_IT
N[\^E-TH^*-6_P0QH?E?W?W\//KT_N0T_5_ \

7V\+C=^\

M^M:&BZMX AU3_C[]?^?C^ZU %W4=/\2?VI-/;^!\^9C=_P 36'MTZ_6F7$7C



MM/C;S=G_  @__E6MZYJ3Q)X%T^;RXYO-\WK_ 
?'&/\ ]=6_M7@GRO/_ !_Y


















8/YUDR?#?P
M];R?:F\1?N^O_'C)0!L6=KXC5I?M/PFPO'E_\5''[Y_I4_V/Q!(V/^%2?+_V
M

W\6/3_ ':?_:'PVMX_LO\ PD7[WI_QXW%



5':Q^!=&\W[9XB_P!9
MC/\ H-QVS_C0!TG]@W*R+-=_#O\ LN:7[W_$\63?CZ=
9_6M+^Q_W'_(I?\

9_6M'[1HGE_\E#X_[ 4E &O8^&?M




NWT^]^/Y5L




M )&W_P I- &1IMCX?U3S_


^%VQO\  /F^G_$Y
]
M95UX?\*6\WR_#7S3_P!AV3BNT6SU7:Q7QSQW_P)319M<PS_ +WQGYO/_0)Z



WQ;X;&W_BFX

#_A&X^.M '.QV_@.XDNH6\.\0[0/].N.^?\


M_P _UQ5^UO/$=OO8_%K.['_
MQT3:MXD88_X6UU_ZEN.@#B-6N/ OVB/R_#O

;?\






1^O\ ST]J75%\)6I^O_72NQN9/%D+

M:Z3\/KK&[I_V\5WMO_PDVFVT?V[QSS)_J_\ B4Q]NO\ 
4YIM?F'_(\_3_B4

M !*8^W_ZZED;Q/IX02^.



M%QXIC:5H_'/R\8_XE

M&@L_^6_WO]=VZ=?J:LKX@\-Z-G_;_PNG;_]==C=3:[@E7QQ\J]?^)3'56W






M
?['_73O_P#JKM()]?U*&Z-GXXYAQN_XE
??./Y&DL/^$G;/F^./N_\ 4)CH


0@)XY^=ON_\2J.JMCI/C.=II/^$Y_=

<?NY%V]/\/TJO;^)O:R
M&UD^[T'^N_I71;O%VH2MY?BC[ D?7_08Y=^?Y8Q^M.FC\41IC_A.?F_[!
=

MSQ;:QSB3Q1]OW8V_\2V-=G7/US_2K^DKXRN%#'5OD'_3I&M '(:;X\\*V
M[



MF35_O8Q_H
/]*F_XJW_H+_\ DC'0!RD
WA*$-_Q/?-S_ -
).*BN+SPEQ_Q/



MYM8NO]3J_/?_ $2-J //+C2?!



_M?_R1CH RM-7PE;VLQ_X2+_6 ?\L)




MSC_KUCKWA*/]U_:_P#Y DKLF/BVW(_XFWW_ /ITC6I-OBM5WMJ_'_7.@#%

M]U_T&.@#A[ZV\+0S*T?B+[_7]Q)5ZQD\-Q_\S%U_Z825TUW:^-5MK8V^K\G=

4/BW[4)N&_T&2+;C^?7]*VX-#\+;

XP!#



8_ZA4W]:])T[3/$-PT\MU:?








MC]\5C?%S3_B=X+\


U^7373K?\ ]SEK4+TH6

G]




/DLN






M%M_
$D/F+-YY+#:

)!X@^&W]J7T?/F



]4-^!VJ:/\3/\ A 8-?_T:122O

M8NF^8=-S+P6('WVZ5Z%#WK\]Q








MZ-]T#W[56*QU+!9S6Q$K:I;*RTBO\R*V%E3P
''S_




*$*M6A9'Q==7$MJNKI
1(&M)/]7GNH^\I/TYJCI.B^(OB\VK6NEZ$/\&H-&=1N#=K
K?%'0/B+\5M/O+2;[3\/='\PW\OELNX30L(O



M^K?RH ^-M'CU=OV@/BB^E^(O[ VC2?

MGR_^%B=./^0%'7EGA](Y/C]\5%DT/^VLC2
?Z7Y'E_Z(?SS^F*]13P_;+!YO





O





W?^4FW


N)/B1Q_I?\ Y MZX!8_AY N9/ _

M]Z/M'Q:W;?MG_DSKAI%\ 6K_Q27^N_ZBUQV_\ UU']E\ ?ZS_A$O\ RK7%
M 'IUA%\48XY7N+OKC;^XM??/2J-U=?$B691]K^[_ -


MJ2\@^+D?E^3#YH;._P#X\^.F/ZUYY'I7PQO)([:32/[*DNL[/]+NI_
V_


/E%O\

M1'$1]KZ_]

MTQSVKIM4U[X;M-M_X1'_ 
JUQ0!ZOM^)$



M[Z.W^)$]W

5






@IJ'Q(NKI1]K^[_P!,+?O3+R3XD?;(
MQ]K_ /(%O7FMJWPW6Z _X1+_ ,JUQ4ES)\-_MJ?\4E_Y5KB@#W'3(?'7V.1K
MR\^? \O]Q;^^?Z5FQ+\1I99Q!=\+C'[BW]Z\PU74OA;8Z?&;KPGC<#M']JW7
M/3/3\*R]%\0?#.28?9O/3_J+77]: /98)OB?9B031?;P^-O_'O%LQ_//]*J


MTZG_ )[W% 'J+_\ Q%M7Z3\W?]_;U%I][\2(\+_9/WO^F]O7G\NL?#=IK6

^U/)'IWE9ZXGM
X[T =\UU\2+E5/]D=/^F]O3?\ BY'_
M $/_(]O7*WFF_#?3XX?]#^_G_EO<=L?XU5_XMO_ 

Z
M3Z?\M[?WJ5[CXEK_ *O2?K_I%O7G




/Q/



M_P!=H*\MA\(_#N]

E


M'X=6MQ





N3=6G$_W/W]




M/C&XAVQ^$OK_ *?#_6O--5M?AYI9_P!

5_M?_
M 
@7E 'I]K8^/]/EF-OX2_UF-W^G6_;/^-6?
^)'_0I?^3UO7 Z?_P *SVL8



M1\T]OW%UQT]* .XED^)4GE






M%3+JT

M].OZU2^U6V[S/^%M?^6W0!H?\(W;S+O'PK\W_N8^E5I=+M[/_FDO7_J9*EM?






(#Y2]/^0MUJW=7$&N1P-:^
M/O*%OG?_ 

M4;Z'IUO_ 


VGW-GS_PGWE?]PGK
M0!+J&FVUN(S_ 


6UL86!C\ ^5Z_
M\3;K5U]0^R0_Z/X!\W/WO^)KT]*S;FUCUB2(V?Q#QY6=_P#Q*6[XQU^AK233

M_*ZW]:Z#3]:M=+\]?^$S\UI
8_XE/3&?\:HZGJ&K7^/L7C/RL9_YA*\_G0 R





@(M_AW\HQN_XG+-_.MJU\/Z/
MM/JEM)$@N/&?E?W?^)5U]:S[QK28#R?'WE'O_P 2;=F@#5A^'^AWBM(?! S'
MT_XFLG?_ /55^TG1[2XAA;P'O#9 /\ :LG'2LNWMI8[I7_X6)\O_8I=4O+


M_P 2EN?SH K:K-H^D^4%\ ^:)LY_XG
BXQC_ !K.:;P[=8W?#OG_ +#LE;$5

M ^5Y6
_\3F1LYS_M#TK4CT'1M*'R^!N?^PLW;ZL:=/9RP &3Q]Y6[I_Q)MV:
MK?Z-'DW'Q$_W?^)-M^M %Q+;3M8RDG@;Y8NG_$V;O]/I3)_/A]ES_P@_P W
M_85DK.FU2TC_ ',/Q$YDX/\ Q)MW3_\ 744/A&X9_M2_$3Y.I_XDVV@!9/N


#4;[3);










GBQ^GQ5
M\W_N6X^* 
6_A\&PB/R_#O7.?].D]JI_\4E_T+O_ )/25UIC\6N!_P 75\K_
M +EN/FD^S^+?^BM?^6W'0!S5M-X2A#_\4[UQ_P OTE
N+SPEQ_Q3O_D])776

ME^+?^AY_\I






M_G[1777-KXYCV;_&7DYSC_B6V[9J#R_&W_0\_P#E*MZ .8_L_P &V/\ J_XN

MC6XA\WSL[?WDRXQC/3ZUM]\/-2'[RT^G[^XKO&7QBH_=^,_-]?^);N/SJO





OP;


% L


TJS3S-+@
G]H)\

P[\S_;E].NT1%_]9[BOLCP;

5Y\(==LTTKS-&86P67SL8_T
<L#&ES2;WO:U_S-<10G*C%W.=^'/B#^R%TW6]&GWZ



60DQ8:A]K-JNS;LV2S%^3\Q^8=ZX[]K+2_ WB+XK:;X



M6/VK2Y-I/RJ?

^5L[6\^
M'WC;X@+?:I\0=5_L7X=PB(0Z3Y$


(5)T^21!






MN\.(




MYA=








+]:^)&
MEV=M\.+7ROAQDF/6O
1\D.7?]S+MF'[^.2/YL^W&*\R&*5/#\E.-FWO+]/\




MO=+\)ZI\0/#EA_:.IZH(AHD7GK#_ *E_(N3OD7:/E+#YPO7C)QCT?Q-+7Q5
M\/O&.KV/_N_'=^=0^V6GG_;\B*
0J
QL8A^Y4#@#_6\\@UXGX;_ &@O!'P]
M\277A_6M:_L+1]
6
:'=?9)KG8'C8W#;%1LX++_K




^U?:L1SE_9-J^O7=[5TGQFLY=#^

MS_4

#N47BWY7&R+ZY]J]9_:&TGP;J'PAM+F;_D#0$B/_


-
-O%&KZ=JOV/X9
M0/:]L_(9OM6Z






M/CY\





Z=_Q/?-W^7L:3[L# 8RG4CKWKUO

M9\F/_B36ZX]?Z4RQU#QA-.8;CXC?8I5X1O[#MY


%Y+I?B+P1


,?VBOC+I_
MP[N]6_M31H3,&_T6.#RPT2^D9.?+_O<8K[G^&OP!T3P[X#F\2?<D(*_PL

M]CVEYX
_MA@TF/\ B;+#T$)/1'Z[_7M0!]!6OA'XGZMN?3_C=YL* ;E_X1&U




MWSQX!;_MY7$/A&XUS_A4G^AX0?\ (R=MWE_\\












M[O:O
? _P3LF^





M)+8ZO]J

#8Q^XM?QZ?A7A7[47QBT+X&
M6NA7M]X
\F.8W#+_ 



M9#_PG
@F/XD6^E@?:^O\ TPMZ
MBTV3XD?\_?\ Y MZ\\NH_AO;FZ'_  B77'_

D^&_'_%)?^5:XH ];


M[S!XV_N+?WKS==*^&D

/AO;S!?\ A$OO_P#46N.W



9_P :CTN#XD)\OVS[W_3WK@KOPC\,_#5\(H__F^9U_XF5TN
M
?5CZUGR6OP[CU)%C\)??//_ !



WUY\+[YIUN?



M (1+_P JUQ4T2_#BZ_YE+I_U%;B@#O8[/XB7S R7GW.G[BW[_P#ZJEOM'^(4

MJIM+^(^U



M920&7PE]_=C_ (FMUVQZ?6E_L;X7^3_R*?'_ &%;R@#L[ZQ^(^I1R#3]2\DK



M-PV?\* .JGC^(\=Y-B+^T!Q_S[Q[.OYY_I2;OB1_T/_ /;US.L:/\ #S2;





/\ K^M?Z5Q4</PEA$D=Q=_9=WW?W=TV[UZ?YYK(U/PK\'KC$JZYY1&3_J+S
MF@#T^&X^)$*2&3PQYOF8_P7^WXQ_P#KJ75)/'%QI(C7PE_I'&W_ $ZW_O+7




*JVK\S]/W%QV__769?6_P\U#'_$W^G[BXH [RX;QTNTQ^$NO7


M=_')X_VN/^$2_P#)ZWJKY?C_ 




U:XUN[Q_Q0WW/^HM'WKE=2O-%^R@_\+.QC_J!2

MCQWG^K^)_P!?^)%0!LC2]6C)

MZ58M]%U*'/\ Q;#K_P!1V.L'R;'3V;R_B?\ 9=_7_BGV;=CZ_7]:KS7ULO\

MA\W&/^9;Z5/]HMO^BM_^6W0!IQMJ\((D^%_WNG_$]CJX74FP?\ A6'_ )78
MZRKR&VO/+_XNW]W/_,M^N*8FDVS8_P+M_\ EMT :
*W*R@7'PU\K/W?^)RK

/M6[K_ 
3WRMO^/_UJ
MIRWES)_S27I_U

M 0V










U^&&.93XTWEL9;^RON]:JW%U#=297QYN/I_972@#.FA2)4*_#O



M;Q9=06(1^/O*V9S_ 

\S_JHG_E)H TXVW _

MQ_V&=U6K74EL[6
77C[S2_W/^)3TQU_I37OENL[?'WE#_L$]: (I))H #:_#



M?GG'Z5K:?XPTR2

MY8B_X3[RFZ?\@GK0!CQVB6XWK\.^9.O_ !-O3_\ 73_^Z=_^5:AK1[=B[?$3



@;



VAZ;:CS/^%=_^5VN


Z
MWYWF?\);_P4F.@#)AM+*.,2Q_#SKR?^)XW]:4ZI!N$?_O?_*Y717%OXD6.
M..W\6^N[_B4Q_A4'_.^+?\ 6?\ 7?^4F.@##GT_3[H*UQ\/!_L_P#$\;^E

M&;/Y5O+;ZM.#Y?BWIU_XE

M(W)'M_X5W]W_ *CLE3^5X;_Z)W_Y79*[]5\80Q)*WB+B7I_H
?;_ /72_:/%
MO_0Q?^2$= 'G_P#Q3T:D+\.^#U_XGLE5Q8^%+J3#?#OG_L.R5Z3]J\5K&P;Q

T[^G_$]DKNKBW\=_)Y?BCRNN?]
M!M^:$M_''_+;Q/YH[?Z##Q^5 'G::IX7FO8(KCP%]G7D*W]LS-Z9Z5KWNE^

5C./W<;9H \UNM)\):?9RMI_A+[X&_

MY%4/$FCZW'X;\0_\3?KY'_+/^^M '%?\$^YK&7X,QSTC^R]I._]^TOF?Z1



?V&WB



M?[R0!Q^]0_= _E6]I.CVWB;6_PU/A1-_P ([K_6ZEQ]KSA61.+A@G^=]SU

$VG*MNX!^]7.^-/AGX@_:
U=GM%6E[*H^6*TO_ %N<E&/*

5Y4]O2L7XZ::_AGP/I#7



L3_  HGWS\*]8\+

MC?!WQ!%XPL?#_CG1(_*9VG&H)\QQR\47)51]U6Z**=\
++1?$
HM[J[+@
M:D(=-;R]BF0_NU7#9VB/@KCKSCA_CKPQIEA\:/BGX4O_ !7_ 
(FGQ!?2O[)
MN/[.^V;ELK=7N/E!R.@7YROW^
X.*WP8TO\ X0OP#XHT;Q!X\_MSP_I26ICO
MO['^SX::225AM0
QS(5CZGI7I?4
-B5+$/??[77TT_[=//6)A?4] U3Q1H'Q

;-


MX4;PSJW@6/X/_#S4CKOAH(6@E^RO#]E'F&[;_6A6;=(LG_+3C;T((JOXH^+G





*QL /WWRCY=_3UKYE^(7A?4O@A^Q_96NH

U'XAJ=VGR&'G]S_<6!NC!OO%NJG\*Z[1/BEHWQ$^(-S\)_BK'Y'BJTG
M1;ORY/\ 22T?VJX^2!-J;%2(?/)SVZ&NA\+:I?\ [.VFWGAWQF_VG1YV1+1@
MBJ%PS

M=S_9OCOQ
LPT;4O+DE^S^06BN?W3-Y3[HG9?G48SD9(X](D\37OAG7M&\!?%


M-=0.GZ-K #V5\([R7[.(BDTG[N) [[I(T7YF&









MM8^;4:SIJQ3^ &J:3I_B#PQ%X4A\JPU878O?WC-E8O-9/]8I/]_[I'OVKJ/!
WAZGLZ7[PDT70]&_X2ZS^$NA:=]B^'?A\
MR?;8?M#2?;1<1&X3YBV]=LP?NV=_;'/&_%?4M^(&N7GB'QG;&;PCX;\H6^G


V\
/+3]XVR+B)2WRC^'
MGFM



/\ T%I*
M -FWU36TU*0_\+$ZX_Y@4=276L:W]L0?\+$_\H4=8DMKHBRVY_X1+KG_ )BT
MGM56]M]$\[_D4O\ RK24 4/VG=0OE_9S\8&\\9?VAG[%M_XE2Q;/]-@STZYX
M_*OBK]F_5/\ B_&B_P#%1=Y_^7'_ *=I:^P?VD;6R;]FKQ=]C\

M9


MYA^Q7)_8G[3%S::^V[5-B 'R]O\ RY38^XQ7[NV@#TK_ (*66_G:]I$MY?\
MV+]Y+Y:^1YN_BTS]

M 

M[H^U[MV+UW_#_5T 8'[#/Q?A\2?!=-$O=8-Q=V0R&^RJNTR33R] B@].Y/2N
M9TW]F#XG^#?C)-XXT7QD-

M<=^U)J&
MJ3? _6S#XB_M






MC)IWVJ]QB']_)%_RTM-WWN#\N?O4 =Q^R3XFU7P[\$-$U'Q!XG\KPK#]H
G^












W










MI+N7RXE_ZX\_*WI7BTFM_#;1=4DCT_PE]I:3_6_\3*X7;CI_

MZHWV7P;Y4O\ V%9N?E;UH \6_PC.D:Q


NAQ_KN





?Q=C0!]=^ ?!_C2]_:%\5ZAJ
WE6-JUI]C_=PMD/:E6Z?\!ZU\





M\D9)\

MX91L/+\+^;Z_\3*X7%36]O\ #CG'A+_RJW% 'I\UK\053Y;OYO\ KA;U'I=M
M\0VN6^U7F$XQ^XM_QKS6XOOASIDT?\ )X\[/\ S%;CMC_&J.H1_#RXE&SP

*MYMYCIC]Q;T2V

2N%QTIL5C\-[K_F4O\ RJW% '92

0M_PB73/_
6N.];CZ'\.

MKF9/_@#4(5DE\)@+[N=1N%Z_\ ZJQ[O_A7%C^Z/A



8^]^XA


=K#\-X5B_P*2^]_U%;BKOV7X<^7N_X1


/LVG^;

WZ?Y7]W]Y;MFN2BT'P!;?;3]DZ[?^6]Q[U-IB^ +7'^B





M\MVZ]?I45PWQ CU?S8=.\U

0:3Q)G=^_M^V

MOW]QWSC^52P6O@FWF\G[)[?Z^XH ]$2X^)JJ^;3)/3]Y;K53=\5FES]D^7_K



MY^XM?A=#


#]J -J^/CM;PI!X2S;I]S_ $^'^M3?:/'_ )6W_A$O_)ZWKE=4



G
M4_G5G_A

_XFJ_
MAUIWV[6[7_F1O_*M'7-6^NZ#M<1?$CR\XS_Q(Y*H7U]I,W^K^)_U_P)%)0!


M_P#U I.






=.OU-





MV/Y=?UJ?4M/MM$S)_P *[_UG_46]/_UTVSU*VNKI+FX^)_VO[-RO_$B:+;GK
MTZ]/TJUJ?BS3=:_=?\+$_P!7Q_R9.__ .J@;38[*ZM1+)X!\K=T_XFW6K=
MCIME-


MM(%W7CGE_N?\2EOQZ?A52QO[.WN&E_X3PJO!Q_94G- &G!HYNE(_P%=_+'
MT_XFWK_^JH;C3_LF/^+=]?\ J+5HW'C2UO(HX[;QR+8QYW-_93?-GIU^A_.L


_*]?\ B5-S^= &:NDVT0)M
M_ /F[OO?\3;IZ56N-/Z?\6[_ /*M5V2\BC)
?C[RMW7_ (E/6J5QJ'3_ (N)

)Z=:

_
M\PGK5?\ M#_JH?\ Y2: )(M%LKH


M

MP#?VKTZ9K=3P#I%U9_:6\(#IG9_:K?TK
CU:V7(N/'7VAC]P_P!D_=]?Z?E4




54AU3][C_A/O


_\ ZC0!JPZ9'-&T
M%QX#WJ

[/[5DR*SM3\00:?IJVMUX^\IU&$
S_ 
Q;Z5IV\?[D_P#%N_\ RK4R^M?*

]QX!\IHON?\3;KGK_



2\AMCX)V?(W?VK)V__ %UK
MWO@#1=)A:9/#8+-R4&JRL!6M8[J0?$3YESC_B4_2K.J:5=ZRHE_P%AGRD



W+?\


MY4?C[RO7_B3;LT 0ZCX7TF2Z(G\ ^:R]/^)RRX_*HO[%TJVVX^'@'I_Q/&_K

;_ /B3*N

_-!Z?\2F/B@#



_
MX5Z

)QSC'_ 8Z .;

MP9]@\K;C_B;-+OSGTZ8Q^M:
VFZ(W_


MA.?O;?\ F$Q_WA1_8_B3^Q/^1Y_\I
?_ #TH Q=.\*:'J$&X^ 1%Y?3_ (GD

)C_O&I4T_Q%QN\


MBZ2V=G@'R_7_ (G

M28Z *+:/X;6%DU'PE]F5ON+_ &K

\)3-(FG
M^$O]7CS/^)E
W4C'7Z&K_BZQT6W\.Z^?^$3P!Y&1]NDY^=:V)_[?AOKHR:CY
M6_&/W$?/-7?%UKK=SX5\1_\ $WYW6W_+/\ YZ@#B?V IK&7X'60L](_LO;
WVZ:3SVEBFCBXDX&,O]W^]SVKNOB+XBTWX8
M_LNI:WVD^9)JX8_Z]AD1WZ$<A3_STKAKSQKXKU3P&8O%_AO^Q!P^Q/]JAF^

W]H_;(
MA&B^8



M[W2N7^
VHKKO@.V\.2?ZS2RX?_MI(CCU]/[QJ;]FSQEK'B#XR1+X]LCI_C[0

M6RVG5P^=?O-KQMV^%[=UY]4$O]UI7\_S/?\ PI:6ND:MX;UI3^[U);KS?^V:
M
!_


M^




+XFL


C^!D8?-$O][\._RF94YYA6AC\/*]*.SNER?+K=ZGKT/82I


M%?[ \![;C[2_VZQN?.PJNGW5


M[/\ :KR!=(\:^ _VD/+\/2;O!
W$B_N_EV?'WF,G^L8] *[L*Y5J,J=')S

IG_UG)6V79][=_$W\




M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% #)*CV[@*D?FDQ1?EU+1$4
M92





QXA^+6M;[^7)BL]C+M(P


CJ6SGM
MBOI+XE:AX142VOB8[+XN0K^7

HWMY17KW


M7T)\!=/U_6=!U74_&%WYMTJ1'_5QKDYDS]SCTJUI?P[T?_A&--U7^V?*TJ$N
M57R&Y!D/KSVKO?M]H-Y\.9QX?NO-91&)3LD7/[\[?O?\Z5AF&(PF&PLH4H


= :\


M_$#1/'MY+LL8%N$O


MF)&_W9@
=)NYZU?U+XB^%=(^


[-6

O?$;^?JLWFF6X\N./S
7$P'R1_*/EV]/6O7*\


([J4/_ #27K_U







MZXQL;IGK7S_JW_!-7XNWGB33-4AT388?.
I^T6?.Z-0/^7@'U]: /TFUB35+






MZWI!^T);_:][?+\NZ[2

C!-K\EFN

MOTF[TKXL:2[K8G4=(U=1]N?SW3R?*/[O^XQRZG[H_AY[5^;%UX!MOA1^V3)X
M9\*^)O[%M&. OV1KCG^SQ
?]:Q/#2/\ G7HGAC]G;]IWX-Z#XBLO!%\6361;





M07GV_P#T%?E\N.&YC_UB _\ +)_NLO3G/%=I^W=X+O?!O[


I/S1)WK

?B!X1T?6

-(^TQ%[9-


MVG[*J;
3R9^[ZY'Y5\+?\%0-#UJ;XB:?-#JNV%1-N'D+_P \+3UKZL_9TT;X
MI?!_P/=:5XHT3SID\LV7^EVJXS)
\O0L.D@ZG^M?*W[2?[*G[2GQI\?PZG!X

ZAZ=\\_E7







M^+_A7XJ1^




)F^W1CCS'DZ.S'[LLG0F@#J?








M^^.
_.^E_LT_M'Z=X8G\






$WQ/U2W\-^'POP

MQGS_ *=Y6WS)#-[YSYI_B.




MGZYK-@7Q:IS_ 
+$^]_U HZ\[L]6M)-61%^&/]FG/+?V[YOF?X8_K787TEM$
M()/^$

\K_ +BW6@ZNOB!=7ENNE^.?M2+N\S_B30KMZ8Z_C^537UM\4O+/D^



^?M7D?\ N^^/^0[



?[1]:GA\



&[R_^)RR[






MIK/Q6\I:'IV_U/\ 6O&?[



MO4M#TNZ\H+\._M07/_


L;/SF\)ALC/&J7 H VX;7XGA3F] _[86]
FM?BI




?):KM_+K_\ 6I9KKXJ?
M\L[3/KA[5?YUP5PG@?4-C0Z']@$?WO\ 3KB7?G^6
0KC[N.OXU/;KXYM8_]A^:Y&?\ 7V_%<'!H?@GP[_IFGZ=YOVCE
M_P#2YEQMZ=?J:TH/B%X;N1]D_LCIQ_Q_24 =38ZMX_U$SI)I'V7RL;?W]O\
N)T6X^&[270\[[!Y6W_GXEW]?RQC]:MW&O?#?B/^U_\ R!<4 =9#)\1F
MR)?7 ^[_I]O4FWQ^W_
?VO[_PHN* .VOX_B'/)$4\)?+SN

MDXDU;Z_N+K^E 'N&I6NJ6^ESQZ;X7VRR@;E^VQ\XZ??^IZ5Q=Q_PL.2Q%K_P
MA8\G/WOM]MFO-8-*^&MUJ4Z;J_!SYW[BZ]L=?QK4@L_ALVLT_M?][S_P L
M+C^ZU 'I'V?QE:Z;:1VOA;?(-WF#[=;\=
?UJA

M (GL

M].G7]:'C\&WG_
Q=.G^@S?UH Z!;#QK!E^$G/?_ (J2.KZMXE9-O_I^!V_
MX2.*N









M_+DCKEV?P3*Q6X\1?=^[_H












MB12=^G\JEM]8\.Z7+EOB)R?^H-(O2@#K_L]['#F3P-]/^)M67YURLV/^$&_\


M2UY?_B3
WWNGWO\ =--CUK1M
8Q3?$3YSP/^)

D4M_X&YY*_


M+V_XE4E %%=(TRZD=Y/ _P PZ?\ $V;^E31V-E:_\R-]/^)LW]:R[O6K35)0



MB:]?3^M;UIH_[D_\4E_Y5:\^FN--UJXW2?$3_5GY?^)
S=?I]*TH[.Q






Y

?O?X!_:M3Z7X7L-<DDFN_ _V688*_\37[
MW7_/XU3M=9TV;4()_P#A/?/\DGC^R9.^/\*V/$OBWUR*W2W\<?V?MW;O^)4


87^RNF
U?_ +1L[2\$$GC?
MD]!_95 %*QL;::QCB_X0?_5_]1;U_P#U4/I_]FYEM_ /F]V_XFW3TJ74;I-5






M_I2:?H.FW40_XH;_ 
JTE4KQK+4(28_B)]SK_P 2KU__ %5:TR2VM(1_Q7WF

K_:OWNM9





M_7?^O(=#$3K/V50CLO'/A+PAX3U?QWI4&S5O$RQ?:9?WW[P6LGD1??7'M_


*+OXA? [QD(]7N/[0MCIT9\X+''%'\USA5VJ)VX ]\X%8W@6

M

S6Z:^(=6& 8/[.TML_
& W[@


M%)%@!$0_O;9]O(

;.Q^+7^FV;

5AK5WUM9
M='[JU.G&4/:055]3YBU[7/'?A_3O$5CX1\-Y\(6GV9Y+[[5;Q_VEDJP&R13

(_J5K][_2YKC?^^9U^[L7@0C^+


MX!O+ #29Y/=N?_UU\WB
VBFW37-^7GI?_AMCT


M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 9/B
M)K9;

M0'1;&^O_ .S].N/-S)Y'F9VF)CSU%;T*;J3L8U96B8O[2GB=?%&M6/@JPU_R
M$U0LMU!]E9]GE^5(O7CG:W2O%/B)\&--_9S^*'A'Q9J&H?VC:O\ :AM\AH]I
M:%81]UW)RTR_P]J]%U[]B7X;^)+/S;6]QK&H;&MK[_2#S& 7^0S!#\@;KBO&


'/





'#;7\S6_9J^(O@_5_A78Z3!J&
M7M5=;B#9



?Q]N?SKZV_9O\#0^$]
U.82_:9&9?+X
M:/H9O[S'/45RXC+:. PM6I4GOLOFC+XENARGGG[/^D6?C+4+^YTFV^SFZ*B
M=O,9MV%E]6']T_G4UU\ ;CX=^$3IT7WF.3_ -_?

[
Z++_K=
 #?]M#
W]T
M?\\Z]%_:J\7:!X0^)UA+XF/^BWGF?8O]9_!#%O\ N*?[R=2*\WLM2TCX=_M.






M-7CG[+(NH_AC9QZM%]FU\&1KVV\Q7\O

MRQ2BBBL#0**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** &,V)$'UJ-6W3R
M#Z?R--N&VW$'X_TI8VW7#CZ?UH ^*O!MQIMC\3/B&-0\4?\ -^9_9VS_06N
M?.Q;G/3[N



MR_%O_0N_^3T= '!QZ]X?F5Q'\3_K_P 2*2H[=M)F\TQ_$_KC/_$BD]Z[NXM_



MN?\ %01KMSU_D/RJN?#NLQ

GPE^G_ !4E


./
^*'7I_Q(I*C_MS1/\ HJ'_ )0I


_=Z?\57'3O\



I$GQ/\


M_P6W2S:/?6^/+^$G7K_ ,5(O]:B_L_4O^B2?^7)'0 Z2;4KE?\ DK7W?^I;
MK-+ZE;S!O^%M]_\ H6ZO&+4K=E7_ (5)]_\ ZF2/M_\ KJ[_ &%J5Q'N_P%
M2_\ ER1T 01ZUJ5Q&%_X6U]S_J6ZKW&H:EQ_Q=O_ 




M^N6L9A;^./3=_P 2GZU0U#4FF#?\)SZ_P#,)J.T6YLX8A;^ ?-WD[O^)LO&
M.G7ZUJ+!J30EO^%=_P#E67^E &.UQJ5NH'_ROL&?^H%YN__  Q_6J=Q=:E+

MBT76KG2S.+CXH?:O
V[?^)%Y6W&?SZ_I6BVO?:L?\7$_\I-

MX^[_ 
3U9=WKTZ?_ %Z7^P?LO_-.^O\ U%J &27VW:?^%B=?^H34]OJ'7_BX
_XFR]^G6J]GI6I1

FQ_PL3_ 
I-5[%+
.?M&!][^RONURFFZ-]NM;IO^$!\W9M_



ML_\ 4)ZUAO\ VEYX_P*^\W_ +A/2M!;[4KQ7'_N_N?]1:/O_\ JK-_XF7G



JU

9#;^/_-Z;O\ B4].N*L_\3'_ *'G_P I-5K.&YA+

M.?O9Q_Q*8_:M&YU+4KR9/^*Y^[_UH^]4)IKFXMY#_PKO_5X_P8MZ__ *JE

MI%Q_X\: 

MGV\ELD++I_@?[5NXD_XFS?+Z=?Q_*J/V.YAF\W_A7??/_(6H NPRZ_;@O'X^



MB11^V:T()=;M8=__  L3_P H4=9K'2=04M)X
\KR^G_$V;G/T^E0P-HEQ-Y/




MQ_Q/9(MORC\\_P!*R?[#\.?]$P_\N22@#TB[OO%L.S_BHNN?^7&.J_\ :7BU

JKV?Q0;_ )?,_2U_K7$

M )BMQ0!Z*L_Q#9MD=W]WK^XMZO0V_P 0Y%S)=].G[BWKQ[3]+^&\ER3_ 
(E
M]X_]!:XKLH/OP^^R[X_:XQS_Q-+G_&@#JKR'XB
4$=WTSG]Q;^U)#:_$AO
M^7O_ 









MW]U_O=O]^@#O8]
\:PS020:=Y3#._P#?V_/3']:=K4GCZ90!IWF[?^F]OQ7E






+5T#^ MXE^

N+CT7P5J$<<EQIWE+!G_E
M[F;.?I]*M?VA\+?+^R_9/WG3_7W% '<'Q8UA<&\T[S7P-G[^'CKGI^%07<G
MBI=#V+H?F@X_Y;Q\?



+/[VK\G_IA=?TH [C4=:^(5JT*V
M'@SS8VSYG_$RA7'3'7\:LV=UXMNO^0CX&^G_ !-8?QZ5Q]G'X'PPTF[^U#CS

F7]WJ_P!?W%U_6JT.G_#?SO\ D+_^

9(^UV[9HT6Y\9:LA%[H?DH




8DQ_R_V_;/^-6FU#XH
M-_S*0_\  ^WKC9K/P!?2_PCZO\ =^]^XN._2MP\
^6)/]K^G_ PN* .K
MT_\ X3Z[9FU#PQY6S&S_ $^'G/7I]!6O)-XO6$*OA?S3_P!?T/'YURO]A^!;




B:/PE]W.?]/M_:N:O+KX;Z+=61_M?_CYW?\L+


MYQ0!Z!IUOK#I
HVSUS].U3:A#J5UIOEOX-\W:/E']HQK7(



MS\7(T
UIX2YCW9_T^'VQUJG


M.[-B+/P-\LG^L_XFT/;IU^IJS8Q^)+R0G4?!&WT;^UH_Q^Y_6N6T^W\,W'VC
MR9O- V[O]9QUJO)9^$HYOWDWE9Z_Z[G\J /0-0AUO3UB.C^%M[/GSE_M&-MN
M,;?O_4]*I_;O&R\?\(EU_PG^WKF5L?A]+;MYVH^40/[EPU8'V/X;_;
?VOW
GX5<^SZM)CS/ ^,=/^)LO]*\QM=#\V%G 8]1\W=NS^[N%QAC_
M (U=MYO MMGS+OZ?\?% '?W!U^U4R\$9W??_P)LOX=?QJ&SO/%MN)?^*'^

_BRX

M?6D^R_ZZ_YB_P#Y O* /2FD\47L+17G@SS?[G_$RA7'KT_KNGOKEGL8\$
M;??^U8S7F^D:3\-X9F-OJ/FYQN_=W2X_.H=:C\6LV([O[_7_CX[?_KH [^_

UMX'SN^]_Q-8_\^M5_M'BW_H1__*M'7*(O@V&S@

M3S//^?,H ZY+KQ:N1_P@_7_ *BT=*?^$HD_UG@?Z?\ $VCKE(6\)-D^=Y6/
M^NG-.;4O5KC]]YO_?SB@#I/LGB@$F/P;Y/K_P 3*-LT]3XQC/[OPE]?]/A_
MK7$:GK'@[\H:A=_9=N=G[NX;=TS]S\.OK5'[/\ Z[_ .8OT_Z87E 'I+?\

(-^Z/'_(5CKS!M#\!K(CZ;
*+


&'P/\W_ &%8?ZUR

MQ4
39_PKD]3M_!VI6Y





MX)_MW=U_XFL=MY7_ 
5G]


MO_%21U@_VOH#+LO/&?\ :&/N?\2F2+9Z_7/'Y53NV\)76/\ BHO_ 1DH Z:
M.X\4W3'S/A+]SI_Q4D??_P#55K=XFVX_X51QZ?\ 1Q5P:V/A)9 ?^$BZ_\






MTZ]1^5=!#XM\&;
7X2_PAB_\ )2@#;6;

MP%O^H;(V_P#_ %?UHU!-%O(5\OXAXQ_U!I&H ZU=$VV

TC^S
-





_A7
M
_LY^!8O!OQ TN6;QU_PG*7'FM;
-':P^Q[892W(8^9NRO7&-GO4_P 2O@18





MN

^%\*[6

9
M!B5T;Y50';AL@\<[IFDV?PH^%<^M:^#I^@D@:1X6\S?\HNDW^D)N<_O&CD^

M&F#7;/7?

W[FW!8;6
:_

ME^U^ [4R%XOD7R=\

MV4G^S_L\ZN?WD*#S-ZB-OO*5Z'/9NF^&?B3^PSJNFVGA]?\ A.O 5R9/.7-O
+]9U/\ X2SP)K@N!=1_9(['[((YO*CYB23=(8_NIQL



&?'&C_$.QNY=(N_M4<94/^[D7&<X^^H]#T]*^0/@_\-+3

?B%JWAC2KK


M=)04444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%


MVZ4HUJ^'FJE(B=/G1\'?%;]DGP3\+]7TS6L88[]W^O\ N[4A/W9F/_+3T%
^

+%\+^*?L[1+]MA



WP_T[]GW]E;5O!U[?

K30OAUK:^9H\PNO+\1;



MV5UYV[SPL
L#_(55DP\9ZJ
YZG''GO[4WANWUS0;_57_ .6+IM^]WD@0]/IZ
M5I# O

M3R(Y/
Y

M
/FP*(R9L-P&CXX*@]J\JMA:V(Q
OK&BCL==/%JIA^4Y']GWPU?Z3\3XYKRZ
M^T12

MVY&F7WVNZM]WVM/(DC\O







?K7$?M6^&?!6M?$&WNO$^M?9
)_L?WEIJ'
MP,T&ZTZU^S:;+]H, \]I<C[5/G[W(_\ KU[97PMW+66Y]E2ES03BBB@UBB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@.7[RU%J/_ !YR?A_
5++]Y:BU



+?3;_H-Q[YJXC^&_'_ !5W_DC<5Z+9M\46\S[1IWE=-O[^
MUYZ^E+



G^EVZ[?\

(M2\!




2*XJ];W7@E




=.OUJM))X_8F3_A$O_)Z






MK1:W\5SM$6^&'Y_YCL=;UA_;]O&?^+:^4W_ &'8^: ..UK0K8U?_A.?N[O

X_XGL?'2L_[#XC5M__  K#





E7]'UK1
M5M_+7QON_PX5(*FOH]?\HK)\


M'.7RZ$]^6?QQ@MT_XE4E:MOIME-?L_CC_RDM_6IKC2]7OKQ_P#BW?\ J^G_
M !/8^_\ ^JG36_BJSBQ:?#OG_L.P_P!: ,N;2UM)09O'/#?=_P)36E9PVRC

/NYQ_Q
M/8^]57T/6WQ_Q;#_ 
KL= '(:/H^B6\DQ_X3G^[_ 
PF3WKH5NM$M82/^$Y_
M\I









M\SI_Q/8^
?\ ZZDGTW5KJ+



=M_P!#
MS_Y2:FNK/7X/)




M?%_Q;#U_YCL?M4[6_B22$#_A6'_E=CH J7VK:;J=U;_:/'&?*W;?^)4W?'I]


O.
F



MGCCKG'_$JDI/+T3_ *'C_P I


;;L_P#ZOUJ/4(]5:Z2)? W X/\ Q-HZ 
2ZL;E;
M2
W'Q$^YG;_Q*:Z'PSKWV6UD7_A/A-@ ?\@KIUJ1M'FA2/SO /FM)T_XFJ\8
M^GUH.@_9\/\ \(#Y6[_J+=: 
E

M /*K0!I#5+F^5OL_CG[OWO\ B4^O2LJ\;4F./^$Y_P#*32M9W-CC[/\ #O[W

M FH2L5M
!)\._O=/^)M6E_HWD9_X5W_Y5J (KW6-2OGM?L_C[RO+W;O^)
K9

1YG_<_\ E)CK
MDD%M9R[]/\#?:L_?_P)LWR^G7\?RK4_X22Y\G9_PKP_3^U: )'UOQ!<2;+/
BC/0?E1:?\ +R?ZOX8

MS'9.V/\ &KVH:;X7:

!6EV


M'_%)=?\ J+7% '?R6/Q
8!I+S[O3]Q;TBW/Q(_U?VOV_U%O7!Z=I_@&X
BS^


)4C\)<1_]16X[U5N(_ %GC_BDO_*M<4 =G#8_%&+)





3*
0F.[^4]?W%O7#:F?AYYENDGACS<YQ_
MQ




M'\1/






)Z?O[?BN!N/ ?@711IDEYH?V#[3OV?Z=-+OQMST8XQD?G5G4

M?-_UPMZ\_P!1TOP!:I:&WT/[?NW;O].N(MF

D./^$2_\JMQ0
M!T]KIWQ3224M=\'&/W%K[^M6/LGQ17G[7_Y M?Z5Q4
?@G36?_BDO]9C_F+7
M';_]=6%7P+=9\SPE]/\ B:W% '7K_P +
S^\N_I^XMZLPQ_$.3_67?3I^XMZ



$\)@$8S_Q-

'KTU6X



: .STNV^)



















F3]D_P#(



M\/\ #\QZ?05/J$_BV35$TQ=)_=-G;^_A_P!\]:Q8H_ &BWEG?VNG^9*N\_Z^


M_P A?O\ \\+B@#NH;OQZMNZMX2Y(X_TZWK/MO^%@QS2LWA+@XQ_I]O[UAW%O

[1'X2Z=?]/MZ


+CM_^N@#M?M7Q!=0&



MO*N?[7^[_P!


M]6_UP&?W%QVS_C7.7VI?#=9L_P!K_P#DXH ]U#7O&5O;BUO?#OV59Q@?Z7







M^P=*^

M5MNGWE=].TWQ;\3K7Q)/'LATIY #\W/F0^5V(_N^AKYJ^)7Q(L?$G[0
#V'W
Q<G/\'N*^7;/X&WDD
GBZVZ
MGA/N^OD]W_I7;D&%ITHSQ%9ZKW5\]3#









(_NB-^?Y[J^QRFK7C4YJD

O]D2?;9$^Q_9+5XY^

\[[

MM$WR
G!-WMTOKW6_F<.(J5<14=]R?XD





M?$OB&

JP1LJHZ=-OO7!^/?B(/V:?$6IZ'X4\.^=H]RL2^

M]?2OI



]5

L;
M91:=U-25X7=O@=KWVTVW+PT;TI

MYSPC]E#6'\0^-$N[O4_[0M[B/_0$^RK#Y6V*57Y'WLX3KTQ[U4URXBT_X;^&

]K9VOB

MN

O'SS7HI/WF7K
M7S]\1M6O_C/\2(M#^($/DFW)\G[O.^%7/^JVM]Y(_6OJ+X<Z_P#$?Q!HGVA!
MBT 'V#_CW_YZ-YOOU ZU\J^#I)Y?VF=GCKIQC[O_ #Z'/^K_  Z_A7KY#0Y'
M5K5+.2B]OB,\ZK<JA%=;_H=K\&;6V^!?QETCPCIZ9L_%RF)_F.W[-;M
W#;




MVQM]





N_I^XMZ8\?Q#DXCN_K^XMZ

M%;Q[A_PEO7_IQN*D:S^&]QC_ (JW_P D;BNZ\OXD=?[)_P#(]O37OOB1:X_X




J?\2G/7_EO;U!GXD?\ 0(_\CV]



?\N-QQ
M23:7\-Y/^9M_\D;BN]-Q\2+0@?V1][_IO;]JLV]Q\2)


:AXX3R-VD<MG_EO;^U)<7'C:2$?\2G_ 
CV] 'D-YJ'PWOF46_C

MI_GVI?

MX^(:;O




?XUI-I6K^:#_PK




GIZTW[-XMO/GO?#OT_TZ'\


?9_B)]S[W_$FN'Z]/Y4W['X2_PBA_\ EN*]*;5OB9%


*XU+P[]K''E?Z7NWUZ?A^55YM$UI3

+_PLGS?
@#S2YA\ 6[*

T!9

P*3VJ6ZD\-_N?^+G^O_


:FY^&/V5H_N_P#$]CYSU_D*CGTC7H\(WPU\T'I_
MQ/8^* .=U;6?5FT:AX^\K[WE_\2:9L]




M6J\

MR2?^$=Z?]/T= '!Z;_PC=YJ]@_\ PGWV_P G?_S9(MF5_7./TJ_KVG^'+C6
MH;@^+-I7M]AD_NK6G)J'C:U69[7P-_:LJXQ_Q-H8O+Z^O7/]*5=:\?7%CYA^
M%?F7/_8=M^* ,S4[CPEIUNWVCQ;_ ,? ^7_09NW7I]:H:;I?@J?$O_6$]^+




M$_Z'G_RE25U$PUN3_\ M?-V_\ 4=CXJ/[/K?\ T3#_ 





M%@V_\)S_ .4J2NTU30;NRC#67P]%VSYW_P#$Y5-N.G7KU/Y5QM^^MK

M1[?6YEF3_A6'WL?\QV/WJS-J6MZ%^Z_X5A]_C_D.Q]O_ -= &;X@N++5%MK:
MS^(G]E_9=P?_ (D32[]V





M)??_ .HM)V__ %UIV
.B77_
I?\ E6DH ZI;_6]1RW_Q/\ 4_\ 4C[_P#Z
MJ&\1ZWPC_X6)[?\@*.N9UC^Q-#^S+_PB7_'QN_YBTG;'_Q5.L])T2\Q+_PB
M7O\ \A:2@#H9=1\27=Y:P6_Q$_UN[=_Q(H_;'\ZN:K8^+=A\W_A8GWO^H%'




MX1+J

MMQXHTGR+I(_!GF^7C/\ Q-FXZ^OTJKX=\3:;+]H_XH;[N/\ F+?6@#I;-?'5

MYOE?ZO\ XG
BXSU^Y]!UJ&&Q\ -_S3O_ 



M7?W_ /J.W';_ /74B:?X N

MQ $
_P#



?\ $JMZ









/+\6_7_B5





M1##_ 



?]A6XH
M [^?_A/X65?M?WO^F%O36TKQ_)M;[9_Y MZ\WTO1_AQJDEPP\)8\G;_S%;CO

MA+[V[_F*W'M1/'\-?.7=X2^;M_Q-;B@#T5H_B)';_O)O-4]?W=NN*W/#]UKM



M]Q;TZ;2/B


KAL^O]*V
MI;/X?_8U

M

M?^#6XH [9=)^([-DW@&/^F%O4WV+XCQ@8O





M?_GT_P#(]Q0!V\VF^/+AD9K3E.G[^WJ=?^%A*NQK3@=/W]O7 
_PWL&5/LG^
MM_Z;W';_ /76K8^&_AO??O?LG3G_ %]Q0!UUK'X_C\P_8_O8_P6]O1-'X_D
M_P7/_R/;USU]H_PWMXXQ]D]?^6]Q[5E7&G_  WX_P!$_P#(]Q0!V41^(=ON





:3G&?^6]O3[=_B/#G_B4]?\ IO;UQ]KI_P -[4/_ *)]



M#O$G^)!FE']E[E&




M?@

NH2;BSY
M7[G[^W_'^E5YH_BA]IAVVGR G/[^W]JY6WTWX??;HYFM.%)/^ON*TM7\3_#*
M.W-O]D^;&/\ 7W% 'H$
OC;[&5FMRDV/E'G6_/K6-;R?$M;B8-I^V(XPWGV_
M/6N*TS3_ (?WMK-

\T %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!0U*XFDA





?V6XA^SXBNO+YE^]G
GW

[]D+4M'







MW1Z^IKY/!8BO'





MGD-';H@&$)W?
R=AT]Z]B\-^
KW]F+21'XK\


T9

=S1B


M**8CRLJ]/+'\(ZULGQ=K7P?FO?$5U\
O[%L+40_;KK^VTN/.++Y:_(-[)M:4



M@74;J\/#F+[1)ON&Y



M?_(KX&_X2#PY%;SO[2M[?(:
N/X-WWBO2NVI&M6A&ME_[M]M-/D]#BCS2]

M


F_IZ?2


M/_$6F6S[KB1(/+@SZ2*V

T'E73-_J\MR3Y:8R9
M.WIWKS,+B\+ALVJT:D6_A5W?HO/4Z,73<,%I#?7\SY2^#O[?4_PG\-?\(SX



]&\
UC^T^4-^[<26_N
?;J!UK7_:
UCQEX;\8:7;^#

'E?)'Y?


Q)N+
M7S/
\D67RQO7Y#F,I]WTKU^OBL2VZTV^Y]FG=7BBBN884444 %%%% !111

M5/X0_P!MV_C_ 

M






5GYN/^
WH \_AC^&_/_ !6?F_\ ;C<<5)Y?PW_Z&W_R0N*]MX_B1\W_$I_

D;BHM+L?ANHS_PEO\ Y(W%


MBWI
_$?_ *!(_P# BWH \OU*W^&\GE?\5;TS_P N-Q[4RWA^&\6?^*MZ_P#3





M\3([J;R]/\W.
_O[?CK4;WGQ5_Y9Z1]?W]K_ %H X_POX=\-ZA=NFG^(OM73




!/[)_\CV]



-Y\0X[E/
TCKT_?V].OIO'[SJW]D_


M(=.\HCK^_M^:H?;/BM&^/[.\U3_TWM^* 

M^!--\Q)/%O\ K







=.OU-
.H?%!@/^)3_Y



MJ%7'?_\ 57K*R^*-19(M0M/LO]W]YV[UZ?A^=6+Z'4]+LP8(O-/\7^KXI^V
MY=#GY\/3U/'9+KP2;6V@_P$R\WRL_\ 

M/8ZUK2/5H0Q3P!Y?J/[9C;-+]Z0YIKEE(X :+HT-]-YWC/RBQ&W_ (E4G/6M

M;W3HC[*K[SV





M?_*55J^3Q! T4%G\-?-\O.__ (GL?'3']:MV:^*&'[SX8?3_ (GL=!915+:.
MSN!_PG/7'_

6V/^%89_[CL=06

V/[*D-9-H-?%P!)\,.O3_ (GL=0ZIINM^=O\
M^%8=_P#H.QT<_P!D4H\JYT\EF1!)9^/?)!SN/\ 93?-TQUK7@U;;#M_X6)_





M#YO_ '%NE%^;4[54H8?X=RM%JTBM-Y?Q$^R]







M
7_DC'7G^H:5X?DCA:3P#]OSG'_$]DBV=/SS_2J7]C^&_P#HF'_ER24[\VI:



*PZ?\ 4R256N)M$7 _X5?_ .7))6ZJKE.5J-2HU4/5
M]+7Q4JR_VCXBYX\O_08??/3\*EN%\4-@6_B+_P D8?ZUXK(WAF9A]J^&'(^Y





M[1+.X?\ XHS^QMV/^8E)/YF



;_ -Q7I3<M Y.?]X6-/NO%LWGC_A
_M^W'_
)CBV=?SS_2IK5O
M%K3

^;S\
.


MG./O_P!AQ_RKD[#1=#@O+=%\!?8!)G'_ !.9&W8Q_+/ZUJ0VNBMK/V;_ (1+
W_(6DIM5(Z
PIN$



M=_H








?\3V3OG_FY\-^;L_X5A_Y79* .[A
M7Q:MZC?\)%W_ .?&.K.HZAXP\Z,+XBX7.?\ 08_:O/\ 4(/]I:B63X8?3_B

MY)W_ /U55%]H%I-Y-M\-O-[?\AV3B@#TV.'QST@NO$7'\'^@P_CT_H;C_A
M







MS=W_ 

9X3SMSC_B:W%+%;_#B3C_A$O\ RJW% 'I-O9_$15DW7G)QC]Q;TMC9_$))
MG^T7OWON8AM_QKSAK'X<17$/_%)C+9_YBMQ[4S4K?X<6_!\)Y+_]16X'2@#T
M:2W^(T,TQ2;SE;&/DMUQ_C5#;\1&DQ)^'_'O7)6^L^O#5JG]G^$^+C[X_M6

ZK*0W@SS2.G_ !-I.



M_P 3*X7&


M=\./^A3'_@UN* /0X[/XC+G_ $W_ 

VP?^$1^]_P!1:XIMC'\-Y)O
M_)?^5:XH ]+^Q_$.%R9/]*W=/\ CWBV_P/_P!:K,/_  G\?_+I_P/V[5P
MSZ3\.8TC8Z(+$-T_TVXDW?X8_K4L.G_#?_GT_P#(]Q0!W;7/Q CC(73_ #2?

M_ET^_P#]-[B@#I/
^)L=S

?AY9VMN


X_?W'M4_F?#?R/\ CT[?\][B@#L0WQ%FW^;I

M)_Y'N* .MU0?$X6W$-IRF[=\]NW7%51_P +-C'[NT^O[RW6N.TT^ /,G6WM
M/3=^_N/?%7O[-\$W7_+I_P1[B@#J([CXER*PETX28Z?O[?BHTM_B*TN6T\1
M#_KI;MFN?C\






M35SQGI('BWQ:$_X]V:US]W^X/7^E?5X*=\RE#T/FJRYLOC/^MSG/V)_CYK/B
MS3])\/R68;3+/S/.EW*-N]IG7@Q!C\RCH?K6?\;_  [XF^'_ 
3K_P 27&H_



M'E?977YMP@(RG!^8#K7IYA*CB
4J:6AT?X<ZY8D[C;

MW[MP


CBJ&'<(N/GYWO]UQXG NK2B[G!_ SQQ8WGA72
M?&(N

M'

MP?XOU$[M#9;TCZ&#^Z7_UDOI7FJE1CB7*CM8ZJ/-AZ*I=C(^.'C2W^+5YX





M
_?N\2':(_+N?^6P5CRC_QBOM;Q%X6L_$6GR:3
QV*^L.,*U1.ZQ_'3N<4:/)#VAX)-I_CSP/_8GB?P-\2_[<\+ZXUP=


V3K







.CRR;Y&*\-QCWKW&Q


M_JSWY[5T^E_$J#2[KP_XN\$:KC1-5$XFA\MCN:-?+'^L4L/WF[IBK/B3XI?$
M#3_$$6II\*O[42U/^FO_ &W#!YCR*HCZJ-N&;'!/3Z5MZ5X/\1^-/.UCXP^#

M
?J
Z%)21I? _0=.^%O[1WB[PYI%G]G_ +8-I]NDW[O
$5K
\7#;L85C]W'7
MOQ1^U5\4O[


(!^;CR

MQ^T1\!--;PQH$'VW3+

K#









?LWPWUIX

M\QF\W
\N\X;D8;/7UKUROBL15C6K3J1V;9])1=Z:84445@;!1110 4444 %%

M

M_PA=_\ )ZXK@?AGH/B30_'7Q!ET[Q;_ ,(LMP-/W?\ $MCO//Q^/O_ '=N

M=S_R_7%5?+\ ?][_P3UQ7;G4-;CY/Q;CY_O^'(Z3^U=:_Z*W#_ .$Y'0!P


MW[^Z[=.OUJGJ#?#6YF^:TX_Z[W7]*]?TK4/$T$Q%]XH\TM_J_P#B6PKCUZ?A




M[AT_XB-=W
\/C/S8)
;/^)3#QU]:F9/B&G^L\6_3_B56] '(:;X5^'/C(27J

_[0_N5H#P%\//%$

.H
M^
_*B&

OM4U^26);/QQZX_XE



M3











8ST^H
MKH;C4+^11Y/C/RCC_H%+S^= '#R:AX&L[*/[+U_C_P!=^'7\:U=-USP;=69@

MPDVA^ -%UYFN+O[+]I(*_N[AMV,Y_G^M+YGPW_ZW_DXKIS-X_6+[/XB_

MVXSCK]3^5:^MZMX2C_?_ (_\M*R6U#QQ!?VHOO$7]E!BVW_089?
Z9Z=



O3_
M (E



4+?<&_<3<YVXZ_2KJKX
M+U*SMX@)..T$W]*Z+4M8UFXC@^QZN?-7/F9L8_;']:S9=7\:$ +J_'_ %XP


M]]#T%?$/QP_:RMM8\0C3-+U+?:1Y





N&G
B^0O\ SYVY

?4Q+Q7)1V/KLE
MP&4UL(L1B8WEU.4T6QMO$)!T+QS]E^R_ZW_B4M+NW?=Z]/NG\Z9JT_BK39MM
,<=37UYXDOO!ME8ZOKVDZMA91'G]Q-V94'7ZGM7Y]^/K[Q3-H]_J5QJ/]
MGW:(Q?N(Y=^2BG[O QD=?6OM#X+^(/%\WP3U&_N]<\V2)H_+_T2%<?Z2ZGI


75]



MX=N]6\67 M-%M0N^00:?)YGF
%/$;%QAY!V[USW@WQ%XT^+_ (2FN+O5O^*=
3C
M[_3KVK:_90\<_$:]N=8TPU+?HEOY7V0_9(5QO
SO][YOO-WK6_:LC\46OBG



M)+G

MGBKQKJ






+KPAK%S#+\2-\4N=Z_V3
3@.HTJ3Y=R;1W _A/4&OE3]B_P*

MV




MS&YAW0^9A(TX\B7'WO?'2O*PU7FJ6/N\3E$




M?PDM63J'C[PM\)?AOJ5QH/B_RKQC%F3^S9GX\\YX92.DKUVK:A\3IM1MS-IN







MXZ'OZ5\U_MK?%CQ#\/9M



M]H+QA=?''QC';^*IOM-IX2W&VMOE7S/M


M7]N0VVP2
S






:K5/

M%#MC^(G7_J!:?_\ $5SW]H7LFFSW]YX&^9 #'_Q-E]\]/PKGK/Q-K^O3$67@

M.4_XDUFNT1D

_Q





_'ZW#ZW_P *[['_ )C-NW\+1UST


*0W]E1_+DEC_.OAS]D%O%OB'XT7.MZA\.^Z[/

0/W$EO]FVE-W&







MI6CH?BB'Q-MM-?\  6^


MKGQSH_[9'[0_BW.HZ;XR^WV$A_=_P#$JL8MF1_%$
YQ[]*T8_VQ?V@HSMN

2#_1_P MO:OCKXFV^M^


MJ_-GP0L7BSQSXO\ %%[X


MS_\ B1Q]W



MVK6\


M+^TM7/V(AO\ ERLO[IQ]V(M][;7G]UKWB&SL4GC\)?9+BS'[S_B91MNST_A/







9IY;7X9^2


M1/%OVN15.W_B6JFTD8_B^OZ5\.VW[6GQUL[;4(-


M_ENOJWI_6N+$QQ7

M674;749+E?'&/M*K_P PK^ZH'TI+?4-2Y_XKG_RDU8UJQU!FBV^ ?-*Y4_\


MW?\ B4_G61X@U#4+B8!?'/'_ &:2WT_4I[C_DG?W?\ J+1U1U:UU*&;_DG?
M_E6CH M7,FI6MI;'_A.?O[O^83Z8JK_:&I?]#S_Y2:MW,.I7-G:C_A7?W=W_
M #%H_:JG]GZE_P!$[_\ *M'0 J:AJ7F+_P 5S_Y2:U?[0U+R?^1Y_P#*364N
MGZEO7_BW?_E6CK5_L_4O)_Y)W_Y58Z *EK=:E*\K?\)S]W'_ #?K5G^WM2_

67^E8]Q8ZE-
/^
M+=_^59?ZT :]QXBU%HXQ_P )QSS_ 
PFLZXOM2NL?\5ST_ZA-3PZ#J31Y_X5
MW_Y5HZ@N+'4K7'_%N_\ RK1T 
M9-2@+G_A.?O8_YA-3_P!H:E'_ 
SSU_ZA
M-2:/!J5TMP/^%=_=V_\ 

M2F_V?J7_ $3O_P JU $JZIJ26LX_X3G[V/\ F$_6FZ7?:E$?^1Y^_P#]0FJ-


=-@NM=AU*^#?#OC]WC_B;1_P!VK7]H
M:W_T3S_RK1T -AUC6X(Y/M'CCKC;_P 2F/WS63-KFKR3?N_'/0\_\2F.M:2Z
MU*9?](^'?3[O_$V7^E48?M


 (!_S%?7-8D\=M'=!?^$2[_\ 06H TH[S6=-FB;4_
M'WFAL[/^)
JXQUZ?456U;QNT1*0^..3][_B4U-(D:R6RQ^#/-#YS_P 37ITJ

M)_Y0HZSEAMY5MU_X0?[+MSQ_:O7I6_\ V5;_ &3=_P (D
8_ZM &6=6UNV8
MX\?^;G[O_$FC7'K5ZWUZ];_ %GCGZ?\2E?Z5CK']GFD%OX&^U9^]_Q-ON^G




M +UU#XHBDC$?Q$^]G/\ Q(H_:KVOBUHB?\ A8G_ )0HZYF35;:[U!U_X1+[
MI_ZU='9QV\D.1X2_P#*K0!FWEUXGTZ9(7^(G[V?(C_XD4?;&?YBKEOX3^)+
M+]I_X6+_ *.1NYT.UZ?AS3[CP[9:HZ3'P9YLUOS'_P 39N





M4N/$G[D?\2C_ 

?Z#

MDIW_  ANF[?



MM?!G]BAPF_\ XF33^;@G'7IC)^N?:L/XY:E;7'PMU^&32/XK?_ENW_/:/TH

M7


M9



_9C;&



BU+4I-06RBM]VDD


M[Q8C$.G1BK'W'X)\4:3))?;;)K/^R3$I43O)YAF)'3MC/ZU\]?'9/%/P]^/&



(C5&_
MT@[08TEZ/\A^1&JEX5^$_P 

MG8=.


#^9]T]


AOE49\WG)!KS;Q]X/\ ^.OVX9;+Q-.8=F!':#SI/-/]G(^

MZQ;0(B0


MN_9 L?VY;G?Y'G1=!]W'OUS[5[_6=I:-YT\@G\VW8)Y:;
;
 YY[YXK1K\]J

M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 1R+N84R9/NU*QQ3&DZ5

MUI/

MPVLCZ.URX-C9RRS3?8HCN?(:8#+#=P..5R.?6OC7X@:7\/O#?B:-O#VB_V
M]XUU1B\U_P#:KBVX2

MCS0+K[7:#RO(C



G^



MIG@O5/#I;Q6!Y:L0G^NSG?&O_+/YOO*G6O&O@!\.O#_PM^+&I:*^B_V0FA-&
M-(;[4TWF^=;N\W&2RX:1?O'G/'0UPG[76KQ:A\
Y;[5NB[=GX3PJ?N\_PCK6


MV^@Q^%[G64\(G$







^


MNM.TS5+';
(_'WF]

::H
G_
6J*#4M-:8C_A8G_E
M);^E:QNM-6'=_P +#_\ *2W]: )+^SM9((Q#\._M2@'=_P 3SRMO3\__ *U8
M#:;9M(0OPJ\T]_\ BI.E69-=LLLL?Q/^R^O_ !(_-W?X?_7JLFI6;2 M\5?-
M/;_BG]N* +]GH-DRL9/AM]@Z8_XGGF[_ /#']:L?\(_IO_0C?^5:D36+2-?
M.^)7F@_=_P)

MI0!SD?A2V-\C6_PU_M#:?F_XGK1;/SZY_I5VZL1#
H;X0[RO1O\ A(^E7+F/


$/E^+?NYS_ 
2E

ME=DK8CU2^GDD$GBW[O3_ (E*_P!*D^V7/_0V_P#E)H R(?#_ (8O%??\/!\O

MO+G_ $CP'OW?Q?VS(N*T+/P1X4VF:/P8';J5_MB1L?K5J2\N3=W!'C/RO
QL

_VY)Q6A_P (/H7D^?\ \(*N[&=G
M]MR_XT76M:U((H8_&?E

@_\2F/GI3OL/BGR_._X3GY.O_()CH P[JRT56(E


^'?3_J.M_2NEL/%-W=+(D/BWE
M;O\ B4^N:AN[K5+K[OBWD?\ 4)7^M '+/IOAN\=89/AW]_\ ZCLE6&\
^&-'


M?MGC/S=^

:?#S

C;O_'A_DUNV_B2SF6*3Q;\TO



!_E_[LG_ 

MYM4U*\A_=^


MJLD


_*P?F_




\)+VV&=V=5:_L?_M^']0N5T_P1]NTI6





/

M/O7D7B[2?%LT:R^&]1^TQ1+Q^XAB^]A1][KU/:OGJ\O8XJY^AY7A_:99S4_Z




-Y



_.D887_ (E7


VG:P=





M[I-W;^'?LOV992W^G-\V7..OT_6LGP5!!?:S=QKH?FF
K_R_=/O?X5U%D-2U


M)UG]H2#1$\





SGU?C

MU_\ MSZ;\.KH%SX8L_MFG?8






5P'A?QI?OXS.G1?\

ML5^;YMOGW$G^K4'NG5OIWK5_X*

M5X)XY\16_@G7-
\36T/FR:7O
WWN/



%\^3YL7_E_^SU\4



VL?7IC
M'ZUV/[

MO MX^AS?8%TU5^T_NX9]_FS+MZ]

NI;[C4#(5


??9U5]OAX2/I&

M'V__  FYNC;W6H^49!\O^BPMGYO:O!/VN1XLT']GQB-8R6W9'V&/_GZC_P :
M]/$;'QM%6KP7K^A\3W5UX'M_NVZUSRCCY/W$W/KT_OJG]CG4/!W_#/Y^S:
MYYOS?\\)N/\ 2KCUKP37)/$VH^$XI)M7Y^?;_H
?]ZOIC]CVQ\8-\ 1]GU?D
M$_\ +C#_ 
_
_K7G4?B/IN
4E&%O/]#VK5E\/:G)'&WB;[$





MS

M/MT/.$-NO5F/\1Z+7N?[;&J:CKW_  C^N)X.V2WQN-K?;EY\MH5/7 [=E'XU


)O-_XELBXQ





M\K=Y^_\ U:C=G:G7IM]S7RGX\U36=6^+6MQKX7\T6OV=O^/Z/C-NO^%5B:GM











MBE73W/S(\




MY4J3_I\?_/U!7=6^$^3RYWQ
3Y!U1M-F\)EKC5ON@;?W#?WE]*^P?V)M6T6W


M2;_EY^F/ZU\A_ML:WX3FUS2=WC?:V9^/[*D/_+.&OMM]+\1V=Y-);:']A#[=



MYM4B

M]\$?$/PU\1^!]+'A?R_[4.H!E^W1_-Y21O\ WV_O'L*O:G=:CJ%[97/_  AV
MQM+$F6^W1\^:H_\ B:QJX3V%:$CV\16P6:8:=5'W5/HFC:==&-O$_P!@(7/_
M !XR2[__ !XXQCVZUR7Q@OM%M_@_J:?\)QP3'S_94G_/5*[;PCXJ\4:[X'TG

MO4_+]#\NP]2%*K35/:[_-'P-\/_ !-X:T30]+EN/%'V]I/,5/\ 09(MGSMG
MZYX_*O:O^8NN:-H][XPV:UL:[^Q;%^S




?RQG]:L_V?HD?_

M0_[/G._SOW\
F_YCCKTQS^=6+V_^(
2C-IQVYMZ^@K;GP*^!'#W]OIL=L3;^





M(QS^-?!6A^
_VBO#^H6D


!]DZY_YYU(CDKK7O!T



M-#^W[L[_ -_#%LQC'7KG)_*J_P!N^)__ $*0_P# ^WH XZP_X1O7+Z(V_P 0





MK_Q(Y.W_ .NO2?$DWB#^TK6.TTG[7MSO_?QQ[?E3'U[_ )5E:LWBV+'_ !3O
MWO\ I^CH X2X\6: MQ()/B?]_&/^)%)42ZQX;.X_\+/^]_U I*])L;?Q-
UJ


[ .K?;H^
M:KZJOB2ZW8\.]/\ I^CH \VD\6^&+JXM5E^(8NMF['_$GD7;G'^'Z5;O_$'@
M_P L^;XX^G_$JF_I7H.DPZW#-;_:-)^RY^[^_CEW?X5T&H+J+0G%IG\8Z /$
M)=2\-WL

M(_B)]J\C&?\ B3

MZ].N?Z4[S/$G_1
/_*['0!0%K93'$GBC[?Z?Z#Y6S_'/]*MV_AW3;K/_ !-^

MI*TDT_6)





MT[S[XV_BWKMW?\2IO?'6J\C6S3'_ (K/RO\ N%=:UQ'KEDTOV?X;^9YF-W_$
M\C[9Q_.LZ:3Q)YN?^%8?^5V.@!WVC38%'VCQGYN?N_\ $I;CUZ4G]H:)_P!#



M 
+$[_\ 0*KJET_4KL$?\(#Y6W_J
QMFH_\ A&=29L_\(-_Y5HZ 
^^U+^RX





O_$IJ
MI<1ZE)C_ (KGI_U:E$.I0_\R#YN?^HM'Q5NWCU*3/\ Q;OI_P!19?Z4 5]$


9PGNJL?]D?W*XG]E73O!]QXAL;70-7_ +4-T)5OX_(N(_)PL[)R
M_!SA^G]VO:OB!I=EI?Q7^&7ABR&U;HZIN'S=H5E[_2OL
5.G#
9N7]:'A4O@




MSX*\*Z-Y%Y]EC82&7]RLF[]XK#JIQ]\]/6O#=*_:2L-4UQK#7/*O6V@?ZW


=SYX

4@EF&0I
M'&5^_P#AWKV7PSX\NM-9[;QGJOVO1[_:87^SK'Y80


_K$/:6VA\/

R7J\2IS&?O#[_'

GB'6-0\-:QL\87
MQA&K:5Y
I\EHT'D#S'VH=R*3\@[\\UV'@G7?&?PTE3PIJG@/^T;48V3_ -L0
(-;N=

M2_\ +


MWC






62.#&9%51A0YY SOJ[-^UC\%[SP?=^&[75<7-UM\RS\B\' <.!

?/-VPA











- /G



M^'O@KX+NWU.;RI=7

ML/V;R=K

M3JQ[D]A65XF;4KKX=ZAJ;?ZX-%Z=#
/7C[OX^E;7PQ\(WR:UX+N-3GWZ?&+\
MW!^7@LC

MP\%3BM%K^)VU*'-&YRGA_0_^$%\%VGACPY)L9U/]FKQR?.
LO^L]G/7CTIVH

(Q^[C?[H/OVKD_VG/%'PNUZ]TR\\?:)_;LMAY@0F[N+3RS
M((4;F$ -D+'W.



MN%%%%4;!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!2UA=VG3?0?S%21K
MMD?_ 'A_Z#3-6&[3YA[#^8J9%VR.??\ I0!\8_L\S:HWBCQV--\)?\)0-NG^
M9_Q

?+U]:]3?4/ %Y-_H_B+I][_0;B@#LIK'6X4!
ML_A5YK?Q?\5!&N/3Z]ZI?\5ENQ_PJ3Y?^QDCK.M;KP;9PN(_$7^LQG_09NWU
M^M4]OA+SO

M(OA+5HT'_1?ZG_IQD[_ /ZJIS:?X2CX_P$B_\ )&2@#IYK37KC:TWPEY7[



C?^5:JKKX7AQY?C/[!GK_Q+9FW


M020^#/-D/)_XFR\?G5/[+K4
FUO WR=O^)M'7.+8Z=/
)[?XG_NEY;_B12?A
M6_::MI%U&;6/XD^;)T/_ !)F7'YT 69FNX54-X&Y;_J++_2H_LMS=?\ 
C?^

M[F-S_PKO[5N_PHSMV_Y_I6=]CN?/\ ^28?^5VJD_B/0&7$?Q5\KU_XI^1L





CS
!
MODZ?\A9OZ5CPRVBL7;XB<#_J$M_2K]KK&G71,$/C[S9.A_XE+<?G0 ^Z\Z)

M4]=N
_\ H0JK_;FG?]%$_P#*30 QK.+39$-GX!\W=]__ (FW3'3^9K1_MY\
MG'_N_\ RK4:;XBLH5F

L



\W_ +BT?%8VI7%M=&+[1\0_LNW.W_B3
V[I

-D;.?^ B@#G)(XXPOE


M *U0VZVUUG_BV'_ER57O]/6.13-\3_LH.=O_ !(O-W?X?_7HM[BVM
_\7;Z_
4?XO^)4W/YU!<-;76/^+B?^4F@O-IUHTT;V?@;]S

MVYI=WY]





MV+V7AW]WJ*2X_P!.D_Y9MS]_G[RM7?\ ['NN1Z9\4;CPM_PCO=@/]._Z8SO7


MIG_0?6UD7_V:O/RO$RA4=%]#Z7/8T
RP=/%?;E_PQH_M




;R+CGD_\ UZU=/\+_






 
.OT/2N U
MSQQ\-=)UJ#PGK?A(I


Y-?._[<6FZ






RX_P!.Z?Z6*_/?]HNYU#2?#^JO/XM^UBX6+;_Q+=FW$L7^(_*O









M+)M+?\3*%


J^)M'C;P[S
\^/]._NH6_IZ



MR]/R.G+92S+ + ]8M_G?]#&^#LEE8VOB2.\L?[/PMML3S&F\WAL\C[N./KGV





N;&Q

^^1UZ8VG\ZJ^&?A?=?$3X-ZAK6




#= TV'6H_P#A'?NFW(_TZ3U-:\/@OQ-IFJ6TR:O^[M-__+/^
+_


GB-C\ZP
M53VE2G+U_0^1Y?$_A5? LL])/+!_P!9VD7_ !KW_P#8U\
^#6_9]%Y_%U_Y

?_/1:^F?V



M/*!Z_P#$MA;/IUKTJFR/CJNYYSHZ^!VDMVM;O^RAD[O]=+YG!QUZ8_K7
_%?
M_A$H_A9J'_%1=1'_ 


M5\_S2_\ K(O+VLQ'USS^55/A]\-]+^(7[/FJ^)GM.-+\I?\ 7R?\M;MT_O#^






T_5=9LI_$&#=BWV_N)NR;OX?H*^ =;\








OV&/C:[*/X1Z&O?_ -DFQ\6WGQR9
M[G6
!.A^PQCK;3__ %JY*/Q'ZKF4?J^7QC_6Z/I/0HO 4



]DK2ZP,#;_H,?]TYKXV_;JC\6Q^*M*7^U_\ GM_RXQ_\\X:K&_?


MFFQY8K_9-QR#&

M78:7HWB;4M!
U[#Y4#9_YY\_


MA5_Q1^;GPWL?VF^%MNKSP[_:C*9S'_ *=)%L^=L_7/'Y5+X7\666J3:E#I

MJ%UJ\YF\P(\1_P!7&N/FN*^=R_!^UJS9^M\0YC1RZA3?+??]#PG_ (2#^S]%
ML[#6/!&U;H-Y#?VLW\!W-T_X#69!XRT S-HDFA_9M_(_TN2?I\_]TXZ^HS^%
M?J-++XQTU;9H-$&KL


MZR_QVZ?P]*[JN!]A!R/*P_%%'$8AJUKGSUINJ6OP1\1:3J&F6GG6EQYWVK]Y

M.\;Q'\)[9=


MYO5O6



M?F);MXKL=+M8[?P#YKE)?^8M'Q\YKU3]BOX?RZC\1IKWQ'X&^Q2[R4E_M;I^
MXN

M'V





LF%N^/^N%O0!YS=6/@#SHI+?5^YW?N+CVQ6]83^




MZ72HOB/)_\ IF








L?\




[?




M\))\-_._Y&WO_P ^-Q7?SW'Q(D4_\2G_ 
?^AM_\D;BNR6Y^)D<:^7I/7K_I%O2_;OBA_P!
?$=ED


NX?V3T_PF]O0!@6OBCPO>
M6ZPV?C/RO+X?_B6S-G/3K]#45PNB76/^*Y_\I,E=&D7Q'NF)N-/\K;]W]Y;M
MFK





M?]@J2M^WD\;3S-]HL^A^7_4_CTK9\OQ;Y/\ QZ?^BZ /
?\ RDR5W\4/BUG?_0__ $74OV?Q=_SY_P#HN@#@(H?





;=?F^\I^]7-:5-XK^&/
MAN[UWQ7\0/[3VA?[

MA_JFE3^)[3[+I^G1;3]XK;O,CO_J_3S%^]Z\=ZYK]IGX3CQ)JV\O_ $@

M -G_ .)\/Q



MY





M=I-_HOQH\6^(M?U7PE_;/C#1TMD@7^T98/(\Z




FJZGX\T7PC

M7[

UP;^Y^

_P#UZTZ\B_9]^*DWQM=6T^YM?L]
MWIP^8?[WFF0KT 'W4'3/6O7:^/K4W2J.#Z'OTZJK151=0HHHK TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH BF;:5J*YB

F8S(ORE8V7#P-_%SGV
MK[]UZ&.2*





MW]E!\TN^U?E


MT/DA I/RB(R'+R#J1TKP#]I;Q!H6E^ =;^!'@*V\_2K5H3KD^^3_ $8O+%?0

)/GAM_+W[\=6:3F3/0]
MJ]EX.KCL


MYTH9^)/

V^=TVR
8B6




MMFO0OB)X-N_


M\2KYKW3/$/[A3D?Z#)W_ -]1Z=J^-[G]E_0KZ*&YTZT^U?: 3)^\D7;AN/O/

L
M/F%:IA^6:T/)KKPV9)O%%Q;P_P!LW&G_ &4)J6/)_LX.N&_=_P#+7S
!?]G&

M(Z%J5UXGUV:YF^P:?
(4NM





M5\-6_AK_ (0;2K7(FLO[1CO-X*M(/F^4_P#+(MW^_C^&O2?BG\#/!.F^#X='
MO9O)ED)Q/LF;&V9&/W7XZ5QN3PU3DFK-].W][U.RE_#.
TFS\
7GB9?AK!J/
MDZ'I2@:)%Y


?

M_9-RR@R6W]G0S^8

M/SQ=. G7UK3#UYK$U(SWM^B


5.OWS_ +W_ ++4&L?\@V;Z#^8H1MLS_7_V6@#Y$_9ON];7







M
/K_ 

M=GJ_CI0XD^&OE=

MQN.:J_V;X MO^9Y_\D;B@#U**Z\8VV[R_AKYN[K_ 
3V'C\ZCFU#QM)_S3#_
M 
KMO7GVFQ^ )/-'_9^;C'_ XW''6GW%OX X_XJW_R1N* .W:X\9R02[OA
#K7B/Q]]@]?\ B4S2
M[_SZ8_K1_:'A/_HI_P#Y0I* .PFD\=28\OP#]OQU_P)M;Q;/\<_TIJMX_7/
M_%L/_*[;UR]NO@G4%?[1X^^W[


?\

E ':V

M@#JM2US6]2%L/^$&_P!7N_YBT??'^%2_:-;\C_D1O_*M'7(37&B9C/\ PLKR





M_$UC]ZMS1ZM#'YO_  @WS=?^0M'60NM:+OE_P#P_FDZ?\ $CD[?_KHBT.*

J_V/4O^A&_\JT=80;3;@G_ (N)]W_J!24ODZ=_T4/_ ,H<E &^MEJ
M5F;P#YI7I_Q-H^*K_;-7$F/^%=_*O_46CI-%TN:ZMKR32_'IE2+:9O\ B3,N
M,YV]?H:V-#U[NDEM4\<9D7 /_$J7W]: (K6;4-41@O@;[*8L9_XFT?S9_\

MFV^?
^(G_E;^E %M9M6U4&3P-_J^G_ !-H^_\ ^JMB.^U:UA_=^!OK_P 3
M:.N;AATO6Y
VOC[S3#]__B3
N

M_F+_ 

M:A=:--*I7XF[3SQ_8TC4 =G=6^K
L+Q^#/-VYS_Q-H^.E0W?B#Q)I\'^C^!O
M][_B;1_A7-:7?:7I^\S?$KS0^-O_ !)I%QC/^-:S^)M:/#?$3@?]0F2@!?#
M_BOQ)K=],MQX&_U)&W_B;1]\Y_E6AK=UK;?\R-_Y5HZYR+6-NKQ?LOQ$Y7[







M
_9H[%)?[3/]I

+N^[Z\]J]1_8KT&S\3?$^]\4:!X9V!
^8WV]


F[;PKK)Q+&.@/7
MMW^_?A_X=\


+&7Q%=





M5T%O\8--DS_Q-^G_ $P;^B5/U_$GD5N'&]56.YTW]J#X\VGB+3=!\1?Z59:P
MTG_/C%M


M/X9/NCOSVKY:L?BY_9;&UU'Q1YN
8_T'IG)/W$_VNYKP:CQ&!DW&-S[RO4P^

M6\P2;&3E45AAHNQ/7M61X8T

ZGI#_P!N?;O
:;_ETV9PMO\





M:?L93OUM^IT\03AB*M*5]O\ @'AGPUUZ.72?#:W'AWY4^T[?]._VR#_.L'Q7


M7'_+]_TU2OI#]OW5KGPKK7@*&X\1=!J 7_0?1(2?X3ZU\B_%+XG?;/#N@0?\


M]G^M4G_EHW2NL?\ :H_:'DW?\2C[W_3?3_\ XBO


\
M2?M
Z9JESXH\IBLO_+BW.;.9.RBO4P%:HYN3/GLUR##971A.$KR_X)Z3^V1=
MZAHOQ[\(VEKHOF3;;D3#SU_Y](

M[7]MW6[7P'\=-#UBQ\3^8+G[09/]!;C9:0J.JGWZ5XR_QBMO'GBS0()/$7W6

$S.;EQJO

M'X]OT3\3W%KJ4;:+9^
_[
N;CRR&_LIIBVPA^A_W?UKQG]M7PGH_Q/\ @LLL

MCB&STZ7[;;Q?-_%%G=$7/+?

MS]J\#^'_ 
:O#;V?A]_)^QWBQW(FDWR/GE]O&S^[CO7L?[%OCJRUKX@:Q+:^







M?G!X
TO0=7\#6$UUX
^P&U$NS_B:M+NW2MGITQM'YU]&?\$V=)T[4/@SJ_V/


M?]!]+=)?[S?\]/[QK'
H^T3+X1QOM(*C7V1R'B_4K!-%B_M3P1_:4
;?*W]K


_L6_U-LV'_ !-O-\SRX]TG

/MWI&$'WR4_U9/05]P_%O\


MGT%?3G[$


_X1V
%_-7[7)/Y_[PX^F.?KN]

O:0
O\ ;.^'_A?QEI^A^(O ^B_:/[*
_P#:!^US+_KC




TOB@^0KV9BF^P6_





MX6^7^SU;S9?WASYI@1?OL


M/
?^ZOWA].]=/#_PD+V5FOA_5/[5T27=]B?[)##Y(&-_#?.V6/?ICWKF/$'C

K?M'
K_$+Q3X9



!]X=^

MXN\!^&/[(\50[S-_Q


*?:%

P?/_ (2.










?\ T(5SX'!N:51]

53HM.CY?D?&C?L$^%K*UDU;3/$7^D)C_ETF;OL'WI_:O!/B'I_B+]E_
MXA6FC7'B+_B5WRN6_P!!CZ16\;_WG/\ '[?CV_4^[L/&UUI\L;:YY3M\Q_T2


Y


?)'PCM].F\-VT7ANR^V+(Y^T+
MY\D6
.S+]_KT;IZ5;^%?Q\?X(7^I/=^#/M(;R?\ F);?X9/]AO\ GK[55\&:

M'E^(G3JSL?89IP_3S;#4XNMWZ7['6:9_P4:\-WT.F7TOPF^U7=J)!%-_PD#0

= \*::9=.UC^U





M*\'M3='^(WAW0VU$-J/VD_NMO[B2+U_V3FO*IXNOAOW4-D?I.:Y%3S2
8?7(
MP79J]OQ/:;7_ (*#_#!UBO+?PQ]@DNA^]_TZZEW;25'6# QST]:WT_;V^&5[




MN/\ LM_L5S/
*^'5H;'OOA:GCZCDZWX7/0?#_P#P4 TF*SLK23X:_P!G[E?'
M_$]:7?U](.


)@?W:MGCCJHKMH9S7K



6OQ*:'

OWOW%QV__74W_%M_^@O_

M8 -XG\HC_J&QMFD_XJW_ *&W_P I


M


M.%^[^_N.]26_B;X;\Q_9/;_7W%=])-\0)MB0^+
-_%_Q+;=OI5J'1?B-M\QO



?N+BM9O^%9Z

M%U?AN#^XN*N_V;\

M %PMZ .4L_$?P^F9X%U?A
#_ %%Q_GM6I;KX YD_M?\ \@7%:6J)\3)!$=/O
M/NY\W]Q:^V.OXU4A?XI


EW][&/W
M%O5C_BO_ /G[_P#(%O0!R=C


_VOW_YX7%=G

3;


M-M;KX=Z'




MG_#CR3_Q-L?]L+BMV1OB-%)&&N^&_PF%O5RY7X@PQQ&&[Y;.[]Q;^U '#-!
M\/+6&-H_$7V7KG_1+AMW^?ZTS^WO '^K_P$M_\ )&XKMEO/B'!D20_;]W3_
M (]XMG^.?Z4[?X_^_P#V1_Y'MZ .#D7X=R



M$);_ (JWKC_EQN*T8M6\ +_S-O\ Y(W%=7=:A\1(]GEZ1]?W]O2PZA\0Y/\










ZKI7CG4-;^&7B*#^S=5M?+:U7_

M6G_\(?X6\

NR5MZX(?G+??[8YM:?XPT7XH?$V\\:7\/]
ME:7X+8.6\QIOM8O(?*#?(




MRK









M^P;=7



OS)YD?



MA74^3





CY1^\3]

.)_W?\ J7D_

MH6_A947:B+T/.[VKB_A-^U1%\

D;RR](FZ9'

M2?+*-^6[;5G;=][?TCS:V%M-Q1M:=X#U;]I[3#XPT64:=XJLRVZ'9YV69C&O


85OWHXP5_U9]:R+.U^
M*OBWQUXO\=?!^+9X?UG[$UEQ:\^7#Y



^J/B!XDM?!

MMG4UT/Q0\;7T



M2#=\WSQ'O&?[_K7._!339? /QZ\4^$W_ -)\/K]D32/]G_1GDFZY;[S+U8]*






GA.0QG1KKS6?
MS=JK=3'9%\_R2(B_O7[?+QFO$YXRJMP5DO+;^\EW\CT:?\

MCX?MJOD^#]/*KXJD^RP-]N$D3367RJV^+9(NW]V6)_BP!SUFB^-M-\)QW.F?


_&_S-X6X?Y&/


MFK1[_.


$4BM\TW[QMTN[MQ


M/3K_ --[B@#KK=OBA:@@:3G=_P!/%O4I_P%F2?ZS2?I^_MZYBU\;?Z)67[

U

M^)'G


+9Z_7/\ 2HOMGC;_ *)A_P5VWKC
MM4C^'D@B\OQ%]EQG/^B7#;NG^?QJA]G\ ?\ 0V_^2-Q0!Z )/'=PP
?@'[!M



GCJ/_6?#



MC\&Z7EK/QQ]E\W[_ /Q*II=V.G7IU/YU)_:GAO\ Z*)_Y0I* .UDNO&RC_D0



MZ_\ IO_ Y(Z\]AL_!



MN[[_ /Q*II=WIUZ=_P ZK-K6DW6?+^(G3K_Q(I* .LM]0U^U5C9^#/*W??\


$&S\NN?TQ[U&

?LO_ ''8
M?F_/_/-+YGBW_HGG_E=MZXR:S\$WUY




?M

^[_Q+9FW8^GU_6H_[0\ _]#Q_
MY2KB@#L=6M?%


_-\[&/]!N.
9_QIUQJ
MGPWO


GM



M7T
$=UXX^U$YV?\ $JDBV]




M\BN_%2


_M#P-_J\?\Q*-NN?\
MN5TG6/'AM7EL_''V6&3'G?\2V9MV

M


KL8C\




MZUUSQY?0M;W_ 




M _$+[.6_U@_LV9MV.G53ZG\ZZ6/6-




%8U]-74KRYQ_P@_P!S_J)1MU__ %5-K%CJ2Y_X
MH;_RI1K6/Y%DMQ8_B%C.<_\2IO;UJOK$-DW^L^(GT_XDS-_*B].EL<SEB8P

MGL?;_P#77




M;ZL?6KVGZS:(TRW/C[S0^/+_ .)2W'7/3\*L+;VS
98O''T_XE+?UIP5HW-I
M5*M:5I?6H/.FA:.3P-^Z/3_ (FU8VI?W0/$)_TWP-Z_P#
6;O]&'I4NH&^


AUN_S#[S'^]6VV

_-D/_4*Z5:CR+E.2=;$5I6JF?I&



M_93^%'BZZBFU7X=_O823'_Q/;C^+&?N/[#K6QHOP;^'/@O




*Q-.3BH[G,PW/PWNY W_*

Z'))/I/A+
M]X^#-_Q
KINF=O5CZFNAN%^&%U;_ &.\\)_NL8'^G77X]*ZR\L_B S0M:?$F
M.5!GS=FAV_'3']:MQ77BJ&


MTJ^)-0S_ 

MT_Q!&9/









_L#8_=?\


M?E[H_'



M






9M;^SV_BCRO^X;V?SK&=3FTM4A*4
M53W/%-6^&/P







/[//P.\[RH_AKY7.#_P 3V\Y_\?KW#[=XSNDV


^(+O
M==VG()_Y;W7?Z

M\V_&


MF^&



NW;


^%NHVXN?LG[V'G_7W'?_ /56;-XP\!V[_9%M/DZ?
MZ^XKKA8?$Z:8F/Q1Y40Z_P#$MMVS5[R?&]M&!-XH


M[BNJNIOB#

MM.)OO?O[CM_^NK]IXN^'=UP;3Z_O[BNOM[KQY;.XNO%'FEL;/^);;KCU_I5^



?^$B_P#)&.@#R[P_H'P\U#4M]G%Y7E$;OWEPV<]/Y&NLU^3P



0/_4.MVS53['\2/



M[[48/'31P?8_%'E-SYG_ !+;=L]
?UJC]G^)'_0V_P#E*MZ 





VQO%'E'




M_P @6] ''VOC'X;W$D2?VO\ =_Z87%4?$E]\-[K'_$W]?^6%Q7:1VOC^&1O]
M+Z_]



M;OCO^XMZ .4O+[P! 8)+?5_O9W?N+CVQ5G_A
O!/D^7_ &O_ .0+BM6XN?B+








3'#\5Z5?6ZSF
MU





$Y]A6?JEEH?C;5#XITV
MU_T;3R?[9_UG_+3]S;_?;'\(^XK?AWSI0P\JGLZGQ)_?V_2PY2?LE8]!^$OQ

D0
MM\[?+MP.*Q/BAK/VJ32]%/\ J--
^W[O_+3;)VSZ=V-;X'VD\T4W\6OY
QQ&




.]8_AK]I[X?^,K
MI].D^'OD:(I#?;O[7F;@Y?'EF('ML[UO*%I)U(Q;UUY=%\E?_/4BIB.1Q/4

W[*-AX;N+3Q7\);

U<I\2?VL_%/B?QEI?@#2+/[%XCG602?O

[L?=4.N#$O7KN]J]K&?6*:52E&]-:ZZ^=XO\CRL/S8BJ

M #E_N9Z\]J]1\+_ !\\)Z/I$%[XA\5;[MN?^/?&=Q7^!
?Q#UKXO



M-Y:3X*MY#1]

M4450!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 9VN037%DZ1'[PY_
5Q'Q6^)&D?#.UM)]5!D\W=Y2CS.=K19Y52/XAU_QK

=JNPW3_A/\0?A]\;? WB/6

M_PSE9_NRT[Q7J7Q+_L&RN/




M^!IO%G@KPYXB_P)MHPM8[?_ $&/_EJ3-)_K%8]W5C7T)^S3\1K7Q-8^)GT
M:_\ [;BL19[K?R3!]FWM*



FW9:Z;?)Z_





?%34+(?\)K8?:CJ8W[?]8QMHNFU3^Z ^Z#_CSO





ML_TJ2#9GS



M/^R?AO\ 8_/^Q]L_Z^XH Z:S/Q'M_






WJ'S/B1_T?\ R/;U
MYW]N^&]RQ'V3[O\ TWN*/


?Z?;TDUQX_D_YE+I_T


MSVX_.@#KM

'A+@]?]/A_K7#?VEX3\2:

?XT =H]]X\F

MNO\ F+_^0+B@#L$_X3.ZMXOM7@SS6CSL_P)EN


M $EK#XODE+/X



M7A?2O7^L_UG_$RA;IT^]TZFG_VIX_\ *Q_PB7_D];UR6HZY\/-9CM/,U'RO
M+W8_=W#9SC_I/\ BV_D_P#(7_\ (%Q0!T=IJ'C2.20W7@SS3QL_XF5NN.N?

M]O:_9?M?[W&/^7B@#=D_X3.$[K7P9Y1;[_\ Q





_P#+

M /0I?^3UO7)*WPZA&]M7X?I^XN*7[7\-_P#H+_\ DXH ZEI/B%&Z%?7'?_






M\\BU:W\)?OOF\W_3K?VQ_6JOVKXD;=G_  B7_D_;US$%Q\
;J
3V^K_N9_N_

?\3?_P @7% 'IRZM\09(RDWA
M+C_K_MZR[K3O&=PP=?7/?\ TZWKB])L?AOJ7G2?VO\ ZK'_ PN.^?\*FN-

M!G?_ 

M#LKD.UW\A/\ T\4 =I97'BV1IT_X0?Y5QM_XFT?O4]HOBF+SO




=A[9]:O1WGBO
MRY0WPPY.


(?6F0E+?


GU_6@#8O-&6XNI'M?!GFG^/_B;=/3^M0_8[FT_YD;K
M_P!1:LA?$OA6.WB$/C_9G.YO[&D;=_A2?VQX;N/^:B?^4:1: -^UEN9 Z_\

M3VFW^(GW?O?\2:1NO3^50_:-$_Z*)_Y0I* -^/2+:$$W'@?[5_=_XFOW?7_/
MM44RV4/^K^'?U_XFU4M-\0:3I)D$?C[S?-QG_B32+C&?\:TUUS3;S!_X3G_R



M=:1;:.;I_P#A ?*\S9_S%NN%'^--TGQ!;6_[O_A!_O\ _46K5USQ9IU]J%NA
M\;X//']E2'TK%UB33;?










M?Q;]W[W_ !*?RIDUCJ4/_



_*Q][_ (E/7TH P&TO




M_B4KS\P]*1)KFVT0?:/&?F]=O_$IZ?
V: 


MY2: 






M.[_B4_2M'2]::'.[Q;SQ_P PJ@#D9H] FQYOP\SMZ?\ $\DJG-9^&_\ HG?_


M=



V\B/Q;]P



M&/K]:TK'1];;][_PEO\ Y28Z 



M
ANO%W#9V?\ $I_/^E.MY.O_ !5O_E)H X?4H_#TAB2;X=R8;./+UV3VJ+_A





M?O\ F:





/AYX@DQ)H?V


MI+23X331^=#:?O.I_?W7]:]#T&_UZR%RFM^)_-DDV_9_^);&N
9W?=X[KUI;

OVS::']O$/_3W



A_##7

_LWP!IN?L__  +_ (^/PKK;A?%
4@
GBW[*K?=_


Q_T3K_TWN*]MC_M6

M&XN/A3)
/+M/K^_N*]7N[CQ;(B?9_%'E8SN_XEL;9JG;MXQ:0B3Q;UZ?\2F.

MO^)=&F

M -=
:Z^'EMGR[3KU_?W%=S;Z;\2+F23R_%'E*F
_\2VW;-68[#Q_#GS/%'F^

M5Z/8V?BJZW^=XM^RE



M5LZ_\2VW;-5-WC]9=O\ PE'F_P#<-MUQ0!A:I9_#/7([5I+3_4[L?O[COC_





M]1T#P+X=^QZS?-$MU)]JFFWA&+KQ)PN
-]WKGGH*]H_;&^)_B7P'XH\
/X6^


M_P/7_5?\LVMTQ'_J /X0/QKB^JX?'5%&
=%_7]?(THXB%&DHR.[\0Q6_B;




;/
Q51875;H]

M#_PWKGV/Q/INXO']EWY\R[-R.7RG^K4]&/X5[G\3OC5KG[-?A%M2\0P_:M*M

M$(!^\^3_ %:GI7HT


MSYUD8XCN5UZ





#\=0_

M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 1R+NQ43KMP/6I)FVE
M:1I/ES4-MZ1)DEO+8\:_:#?7-(30=6TV#[1I=F\WV]=\:_?\M(OO?-]YC]T?
M7M7R)?\ C+7/VB/B78Z/X^T[['\
XU+9\Q6\S-N&'^J5)1B:-.A/7TS7Z&ZQ

/F9L8XP

3 [9


MQ$@^ZA/XYKW^U^-NOZ#K5OXD\?#K[9X1O#(^NW?]KQKLIM@.V= Y^=I/N


MFY\#?AEXD\+:I+-I'Q.\SP?:@?VU9?V)'\HD658#YCN7^\Q?
8/Y5[6)E@JF




[
X(GF3WV=V
\0[8CB)8^Y^





(Z
%W-LM)7N_-Z G[C[$['X
SRK^TM\6-)T+4-[6BZ6)A

MP\%7WBF;0C#]A\8:\$
[[Y&\XPK.Z\;-HQ&/4=:^@?B;H?A[4K2ZTZ_N\:A
?YGPM\*?VA/C1
M\'XH= OO#G]L:';LHM)/M5G!Y6\

M^Q[Q1$?X9N2SKV4#C9^M7?#.BQV.EVFDWFL?9+=)&\I?(:3S
ON/(Y&
CKZU

M^SMXFUC2=7\177B+6O[5L[(VOD+]D6'R=ZS*W






H_8.+7S/WR[_ /6XZ]



?_ 
;KR^SN
M_T4C))\.Y+7=C'F:S(V[_/]:N:A:^$O(23_ (0;W_YTE 'IEM;^
WLU:&;





M_:W;^= ';:EJ/B[4HK=-*F\J:/=]H_=QMG.-OWN.S=*H?8_B1][[7_Y MZ\B
MNC\.I+Y1+X


L=Y\R]?W%O7



^$NO_45N*@\SX;_ /0I?^5:XH ]


M 


MC4=O8^ /[$\O[)Z_\M[C^\U '2:5=?$=K4B[T_RI?^NENV:-OC\R[OLG_I/7

'I6A


$

M=]M]D_UF!_K[CM_^NI_











A26OQ):[MW&E?*N<




MS_C5/4+/X9:EB6.T]2?W]QWH Z^23XA6M];E=(XDSG]_;]L?XUK7$/CV9E9=

(/LGM_K[B@#


MZM^XEY'[BZ[8]?K6]=ZY\+/%5B(UU8;HQU\FX[__ *J -+^S_&3YG'A;?)+]





MBCX;ZE'=JNK_ +KY0O[BX]ZBN-!^&]Q
)?[7[Y_U%Q0!Z!'_ 
)K(I
GA+YN
MW^G6]

$C

M^*Y6ZF^&]U8Q2PZM^^N =I\BX[8_QKGH]=^&_AZ:1=0U?[__ $PN.W_ZZ .^


+B@#L=
C\:[+C[1X2^;Y=G^G6_OG^E5O+^('V

MQ0!Z EGK\\D'VWP9YK+G'_$RA7'3/2JVJZ+JTV[R_ W3K_Q-8ZXBYL_ MA=6


MMF







 ?*Q]W_B;-SZ]*E7
M4-+BRJ^/O-/?_B4R<5$_]GWGW?'WE$?]0EN?SH M0V.DQ*3'X&^]U_XFS?UJ
M.:UTUN/^$&_\JU9MPT.ELI;XB<2=/^)3Z?\ ZZ=#JUDW$GQ$^G_$IH N1PZ;
M9QRC_A!O]9C_ )BWI_\ KJEI^FZ;=7CG_A!O_*M5B2;39K=S_P +$_\ *35G
M3;K3;6$'_A/O-S_U6X_*@C?:39VMQY]OX!\V:/[O\ Q-NE6;6^CU&3[5\
M._WB 8_XFOUJI#XLTNUU*:23QS^YC(W_ /$JD]_]DUNW'BS2_$

9_Q*I.^<?R-074VFKS_ ,)S_P4F2@#+5;&\.Z3P#Y7E]/^)MUS

*D]ZOQZ=99\R/QQ]?^)2W

M.
M)]S.E


?3ZTKS65U_J_'

M7IO\0;LU'(L%L1L^)_V4O_U O-W?X?\ UZ8+6YN?]5\6L^G_ !3= &E)I=MI


M


M?B?]ECC^_P#\




M)_Y2: (&TO[#=6_V?P#YN[.[_B;=

\ ^5Z?\3;K5NUN);2XC
M

M?^$&]O\ D+5*^IRWMDBQ^/O*P#G_ (E/6L.#1[EKS?\ \+$[_P#0)H U[;P_



Q_S?NX__7^E9L.DW,EYYG_6]_^
M@30!BVFBZ/$^RU\ ^4+C[_\ Q.9&SCI_
UNPZ79:%L^S^ M_F??;^UFXQTZ_

M2&V:


8_F:JWG^@^5
MY'@;[^?




.B?\ )1.N/^83_M+0!+-;0V=G
M9HO@;Y9-V?\ B:^F/\:/[!L?+\[_ (0;YNO_ %JIVL\C6,22?$3YFW;?^)3
M_M&H?[!U3S/._P%B?NNO_()H KZQ.BA$'PPDU1%S]S7/+V=/SS_ $K \ZP:


M+[Q9:7

W@


M+U]?\\4^#5KRUNL+XM^3/_0)H I:+::.WVE(/ /E!-N?^)RS9Z^O2I_[/TWS




CM;&S)


U$_P#*3)0!):Z#


MJ?\ A8G_ )2:K_:+GS

M\OP-]_.[_B;-V^OUJ0WJV\8AN/B)^^G_ -5_Q*O3K_
5';ZA8Z-YGVSQ]YN_


MW+6:]2:UMX_'/VKRL@_\2E?ESCU^GZ5L:E)J7D'_ (JW_P I

M/^'F-OW?^)XW?Z?2G_V'X=_Z)X/_  =R?XUTC7%]'#'YGBWKG'_$I7^E
^V7

#M_Q



MHR%\6_O!U_XE



S/_ 
*[D^;'^LUV3WJU
M]GTFTSY?P[Z]?^)ZW]:TEM_$5VQ*^

:_\(3YJ/GY
M/[9VXQBLZ&'2Y/.D7X;[#P2?[=Z]:ZZBU:WLRTGBWZ?\2F.ET36M2D_=?\
M6^W_()CH X^3^P;Z0BZ^'?
?W/^)ZW?KT^@J2

GU%-N]2:;[OBWG_L$T <]9Z-X?M]SQ^#/
M*Z9_XF4C9JVMUHG,?_)?^3TE7K2;50T@A\1?:@V



V[&
]/J/SI
M_P#;7@+R_P#D53CT_M6XKKIX];1D&G^.8[7.=_F:



_\(EW



O]BZYY03


!KA6EU'S9F_Z:3+C\JQ[[7/AO)_RZ=/\ IO<5Z+JT

V_\ E*MZ .(\/ZEX/FEG&D:)]M.5\P_:



M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 4]1C62


M1_M]B0N]O/\ +V?O$V].3EL=/2N[ ?[W3.''QO1N?/7[
'@M/!_C*#4-;\??

M;X\M=
T&YT[X8Z4




9[+4[<35M1IXC^8[KQ]HNO^.M<=/#J_
MZ?&K*'^4[=RJ1PS ?PU\[^-O@U\8OAU97GQ*OM=S+9OGR?L-KTE80]0Y/\?]


M\A.I8M]0





M7$-J_AB'[9X)TQ&:YUG]Y%O60G9^[9/
/[X&/Y?QXS7TN%E@
!%8ND_WDDGU

M(^YUS\W(KJKC]J?7?CW\4+?P[\
=-\S3;7=]HO?.63@P!U^6=%(P89/NYSWQ

9;T^48W\R)
'R7E/W8B#]X=Z[KX


M:5U'QWXJM
6;^5Y9]ELS$WW 3_=_@%11PE/&1Q=/%Q]M3BDXQYG%P=[Z===&


1T8=/2O5*P_#
TMPLTDEM]G4

9#<;\1B?I$@'QI_$OWN_;W\#E

2
1R\8^8


M+^#?@OXPT.;4]+W^+;B.=-'G^TS+@+$!.=JMY9_=
/OX_/%?4X'*\!3PM5M^









W[V;'W./N









OV=-#\9?&2#QOKHW-IHD:R&6'^LMEBD^X1_=7[P/MWKX7D\?QR?M3Z
M@EC_ 

MN) ESBUVKZ_++FOG?]LSQ5\



WP3\.





MPQFQ+D_\AN7M^/O65+H?AN.3;_PKX_\'LE '?ZE'XMDFA/_  D7K_RXQ^U:
M%NWBU8/^$B[?\^

M4 =K(WC9F/V?Q%_O?Z##^'6F_P#%?_\ 0Q?^2-O7GUJOAUGE$/PUN)2
;O\
*/-]/^)=:KC\J\ODU
M;PC)=+%<_#*=IPC'7)/Q_I710Q^$VM=Z^!YE7'W?[;E_P : /0]+T_XBP1W

M\S69FSUSTZ=JI:+_ 




M ) MZ?YGQ(_Y^_\ R!;UY]?6/PWNO+)\)=
_\Q:X]JJ?V/\ #?\ Z%+_ 
JU





M\DWPXFSYGA+_ 




MPMW\.%8I_P (E_Y5;BK=OI_PYO
X\)C_ 
&MS0!VT=M\1[@G_3
;?^F%O4FS

MM_\ KJI]G\$^;_R*7_E6N* .N4?%.&
[Y?.SU_=VZXKJ_#O_  E7E ZG][ V



M_3KCC&
_SK
_M#X=W_\ J__F^O_ !,KA


M]JW+&W^('E$7UYDG&/W$/X]*X2S?P0B2^1X3P.-W_$UN/?%4;JW^'E_(%N/
M73_J+7% 'I$EMXLM[R1+OYOFS^XC]JS[J'XAS:FSVUW@'_IA#_6O/[SPO\
MNTLY)CX8$3'_J*W'-68-!^'C:)]HM_#'FC_ +MQQ0!TE]:_$];@M-=\?P_

V]YT^]^XM?PZUGI_PMKS2/M?\ Y LZY2QD^'DE


MZK9V_P 08UE


5N
M._\ ^JDAT/X;R3$?\(ES_P!A6XH ] FA^)JG^E]?^F%O46WXD+_ ,O?_DW




DEW\O _P!1:_TKLO -GXJ^QL=4O.3C;^XA]\_=

MSAL_:/W$/MMZ_P# JI3CQ]!;Y^U_O3_TPMZ\@DUCX4Z#OCM_#OS7/#?\3:Z_


MX;V=NX_X1+[_ /U%KCM1H\GPXO.GA+I_U%;B@#T23_A9%Q/+#]KZX_Y86]5Y





6]8%WX
M/^&]K$DOV3U/^ON*P+[5/AO9?NOLG7_IO





'A=Q+OW?Z1;Q;?EX^O\ ]:F7D_CZ
MXU02+X2_=<;?]/M_[JYKD-2U+X;KJ%@/.^P?ZS_GXEW_ _IC^M4K[5/AO\





@7% 'OL=YXI^SN&\+;









M:W_T*7_D]'7B-O\ \(!:
XM_B)]ESC=_Q*KB7=Z?3_Z]3?;/!/\ T4__ 
H5


M/P
?\Q:/WK+N(]7DF C\#?7_ (FT=9MYXHT22-5M_B5Y6
[O^)-(V:S8-8TV

MV2-/^+B?^4*2J-Q=:2V/





]O\5?*_O?\4^S9].M+-KE

M4+;3VG:W^)7V_P S;N_XD31;
9QUZYS^E:7_  DG_4\_^4F@66655S%\,?M
M6.O_ !/?*V_X_P#UJSO[8N?,V?\ I?_ Y*FN/$GS(G_ROL&[_ *@7F;_\
M


6JDVI?8P!_PG/W



(]3VQR?$3




MBHQ4


M4 /TBQMM4



4S

MG$EUXYYESL_XE+=NO3ZBJOVZR\SS?^$X^7K_ 
!OW'\7_
M !-JGOOLVC1((O /FQ/G_F+=/\YJ:R\6:3<0RVP\:;V.!N_LIN.OK5%?$6DZ
M1+(+KQ[OC?HO]DMQCZ?6@#-:SAF$Z_#OF?K_P 3;T__ %UK1Z?IMW?M'@'
MRL?=_P)JW/KTJ.35]+C9)X_'/[F;[O_ !*I.W_ZZLO?:?=0_+X^\HX_Z!3<
M_G0!#8Z3I-FTIC\#??QG_B;-VSZT7%GILF/^*&Z?]1:LI[JTLY6
WQ$X?[O_





M_6F?V?J77_A8G_E)H L:QH-O:I:?\4/UW?\ 



+QGYJR8_YA*\8^OUJ;[1J7_0V_^4F.@#+M(X;IB+7P!Y0'W_\
MB<LV?3K^-:UOH,$WWO W/_86J2WO)XU<77C/RB<;/^)2O/KT_JMVUY-_J?'
MWE#O_P 2GK0 [6(++P_]G23P#YOVG=C_ (G.W&W'_P 55&;1=+O(?-?X=\=?

MC_L*TRYU221H_MGC/RL9V?\ $I7GUZ?A4_\ :%MY7_(\_P#E)H R9+738Y@!

=.


?;_P#7
M3[?PWK:YE_X2WKS_ 
@F.@#-V:8Q6-OA[Q-_U'9.W_ZZ=-:Z7HI3R/AZ#YGW

M_.@#G;B^T_2?+*?#['VW.[&N-_#CT_WJD_X1?1+A!=2?#SYNH_XGDE;G]FZW
M-NG;Q;^Z?_5_\2F/\?Z56\OQ';OE?%W[OO\ \2F.@#*M]7\/::)H[KP9]@'&


4Y'0!R




M7B#4]1T6&'S5D

MT5]57'P['B#XT:EK5X
 _ -D97\N:02)L





:?Y<C[_-!CB&Z7:O


B\!7&B?M&^('\/Q:?_ &-=L^;J
MZ^U--]I[Y!\H V[?(/?G=[5ZEHOP/\ %G[-ZVUGX)UW-C,#_H
9VE26ZS.



M4U\HW/PY^%GBCQ-I8TCQ-CQ4AE%E']ENDW_)B4?.^S[D9ZUT&D_MFV?PWTVY



_G7E.L?M I\5++PL/#%SLU7Q4+H;?+W8%L=H^^JK_ *M#V%4=

7B3Q=XB7_A'M$D-J8HOW;Y/V5(V/R
&7]X
:&$?
$;/R
M#7EXG 8/#T^2C4O9]O/O?2W=JRVZIZTKGJO[(_BRY^,'Q6\1^.)M.A:9(+
M9=-C^U+/Y@$







8_
^


N






M$_\ *%'6.NB_V@LIU#P-]EV8V?\ $V^]GK]SZ#KZUCS^&]-\[;_PB7_E6DH









/^$B

M'N_X5A/S_P!1R2@#O[R'Q?:QPFZ\9QV!;./
TJ&3?C&?N]
?UJMN\22?\U$M
M_P#P1QUP5OJVFRRLMOX!DL-OWO
UEFW_ )^G]:V[2ZMIL?\ %)=/^HM0!T@A
M\9
K-9^


Q?\ DC'7 7 T.\6-)?AI.XCSM7^W).
__JJ-
M/#OAVZS_ 


M



MAN(C:_#V;=-RW_$[E[=._N:JZAHF@V.IM!)\-IY3V_XGDG% 'J=BVN:-;V
-


MXTS38?B1%C_2_O?]

M/A

M5MM \#6ULC6?@T2AOO?\36;CTZ_C4-Q_PB5GC_BANO\ U%I* .I%OXQ@MYC'


A3:AXA\N**ZU'^SS)G9^XCEWXQGZ8R/SJXU+6='53-XBX
#KBZB:+P9YOEYS_P 36;C/U^E-TZQ\+W'B

M'/\ RXQUE:Q\-]$C5KB+P8]QQEA'K$B?3O7!W5GX=6Z^SM\
;ASG&[^W9* /


M*W

^7_Q


MF?\ )




C^(N1
MC'^@1UY?J4GAAHUBD^&UQ*!P/^)Y)Q5K2?#_ (8FA$L7PVGAP/\ H.2

7_ )(QUXOJ\'A&2^$=S\-IY64_
M+GQ!(N/7^E3?V/X0D\G/PWGC_NXU^1L]* /:/





^]_Q/)N
=.O

2V-LUG



?K0!U%EI_Q'AMU/VSEO

M?=S_ 

=CX_M\C[9]__ *86]/\ [/\ 'R?-
M]LZ_]


=:
M/HOPXF\['A+IM_YBMQ[U9N-!^'XSX2_\JMQ0!V\+?$-2WF7GT_<6]3I_P +

U8?Z9G?_ -
+?M46IV?Q(N(4/VOIG_EA;UQ6KP?#RUL%:3PQ

9^7_ $ZXEWY_EC'Z
MUVVGZ=\/+BS+6UIT _Y;W% '20)\3MS^=I_FCC;^\MUQ4W_%R(_^83U_Z;V]


MYOPZ_CTJ'[9\)[5_


.\K_MI;MFO/IF^'FMA3):?ZKI^_
MN.__ .JHOLOPWM?^73K_ --[B@#TB%/']JKC^SO-W_\ 32W7&/\ ]=5IK?XA


MW_O[KOMQU_&MJ#0/AXUGNDM.W'[^XH [**\^(L:RAO#OVHG&/]+MUV]?\_A5


^H?#2W


MFKU_X\;B@#KM2TSQ1=_9_
^%?F[

MS_A M:DACTGQ1YIM\^;_ *#-QG&WK]#6E!X?\-^3_P C%_Y(R4 =1#HNL
7+

1_R,7;_GQDH UM-T_Q)=32FX^$GW<;?^*DC]\U
M?USUNWA7_BTO_ER1UPR?\(;'?1B3Q%U/'^@S?TJ?5+'P3=#_D8NG_3C<4 =
MK''X@G@B\OX5^4%[?\)!&U6(;?Q)'_S3#_RNQUYO?:'X CM[4W'BW[+G=M_T
M&X^;I_G\:;;Z/\-^?^*Y_P#)&XH ]*OHO$C6S#_A5?F_]S!&N*JZ;;^)(/\




MM7)VLWA+3[V'[/XS^P;\[O\ B4S2[\=.O3&?UJ3^V/#?]M?\E$_\H4E '1WU
MG(]U.TG@SRMN


T5M-$G_  LGS0



^


&Y&<?\+$Z8_Y@TBUHPZMX?7_ %?C[S?7_B4R<4 ;2Z?+

G&?_U5SK:Q



Z@@%SX
\KS/\ 6_\ $UZ^G]:J31_\



@ZQX

M _\ 


B^(F#'][_B32/U__ %5HQZUHGDB+
M_A8G_E&D6@#H+?2//9T_X1+[N/\ F+5-_P (MW_X1+_RK5P]]_87G1
WQ(V%



;KP9Y0CV[/^)LO.<YZ?


1^!O]7G/_$V7OCU^E7/[/U+R?^1&_P#*M'7)V#:#

UM;&ZF(D\ ^5SQ_Q-NM1

;?^)-(N

M2Q\#\D9;_B:K^'7\:R;?6-7BNC#_ 

M (E/6@!_G064

MB?Q]YQFZ?\2IN

E1?VIIO_11/_*5)

M3OL=S_T43_RE4 6XTMH 5_X0;[__ %%J@N-)MN)/^$!\W_N+=*N:4T=CYK7G

MO7

E '1V6

MF[?7ZU0GU2QO)OWGC[RL=/\ B4MS^5 %R6/3;M5'_#?=_ZBM-33=-;(_P$
M&_\ *M44=QIL./\ BO?
W?\ 4)DXK3M;ZR;_ %?CGZ_\2EOZT 9\WA_39
'_

MXE+?TK:_M73?)Q_PL
X_[!4E %6XTG3;F53_ 
(-]W_J+-_2K']CZ;Y6/^$&
M_P#*M)5..ZLKGS3'\1/N]?\ B4M_6JOVFV\W'_Q/_*30!LZ1X9TV:28_P#




ME^O_ !*?RIB:?J-K)YTWC[S8^H_XE/2@&:XC:417G@;Y5_U?_$V_/\ I6KI
M^AZ3J'$G@?TQ_P 35OZ4'4;'4E6.7QS\T/\ U?7_P#544C6T(_T?Q]Y6?O?

MJ)_Y2: -B3PKI-ECR_ _WNO_ !-9.U1_\(_ILG_


M3:2K6L6]O.L!/C[RMN[_ )A77I6;NMK7_FHG_E)H T;?P9IK6MP?^$&]/^8K

MC53_ 




M^\&^';X)+JW@8%HL^2IUAESG&[[OT%4D7P[9MY



M[?\ ZZE_L71-OF?\*[_\KLE:VGVNM6+2S7WBW]V^#%_Q*5[9ST^HJY_PE%RW


W&S&/W\
MOYUZ'7G'P!:-OAGIGEQ[!F;G?NS^_E[=J]'H **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

F0;

MXS)]WKGGH*[+XV
(- O/@+KFC:</LNFV9
M@\L_O)<[K@-_=&.5-?*^D_OQ)I_Q6M/&7?_$DLP_<1]HO(_I6?X+UK7?V



M]_T_QWRKK%484UT/8M3\ZEJ%GHNH:=!Y[VPD++O5?O;0.I'OZUE_$9I_BQ


W[CS=^V1
M
?PDC&X_G7SQ:_M2^!O$UXNFV7BS_2R/^?&;J(\]TQ_#7%E^73J598ERZE8O
M%PI*-&4;H^@_@=\%W^&

MF+R)KS'G3?O)-WEV7R_*W QD]/QKT#X5^
;KP[)/:7&J?VX]Z0+*W\A8?N.R
MM\X3CJO6O$?V@CJ'B;XJV-[K
']@QZ.)3$/
CN/
\VWB4_=4'C ZYZU%*G6K
M8^;3OS:?A;8O&5*5.C3C!:%?P?-K_A2]^+ \*W?]A:SI*Z4&E\B&?[9YJ
?N
MR_+'M5G^N_VK7\&^
O'D?P=M/$?BV/\ M:X+2
G2/@Y79T]*Q--^

YE]WH73C*I152)


ME\7/A_\ \*V\-^/(_ FHV@W


/2OL'E^8S31_*^<Y4]F.-OO7#:?!\.+_\
M:QU?5_%'$^E+ (_^/C^.P*-]S_=6L?PU^TI81^/-T/P7X1_X1N^:94N?[1




M$F^-O



8UF&9'
M\OF

3'SO-+PL!_J$V+E%B[






MUW5Y53%^QK5
9+]DOOW W;4
MX64,VXC;P.,^]:Z_%#1_A)\/8_!'[.V@_P#2WLIXU;[7]E\@K+YP/EW@)?/
MF7*\









M8Q-://R6K95B?50?X37@/P#U#Q#XD_:L+?4+K='8M)YJ^7&N2UM+GI_N]J

AC78K;_P#29D_Y9?-PWE_G7RQXWN?^$P\8
M:EK_ 





HE\Y=ZMD^=)W7CUKTNO.OV?EOH
M?A3HL.ISB?48Q+YS?*#GSI.R\5Z+7Y=HFTC[.'PH****PHHHH **** BBB



/AW^WPRPY_TY;;ROFE]?O9_3

M6FVT

MVK?_ 
)NIK3099(IF7X3/M7&?
\1_6L::S6.ZVK\)9

MOBS %7O_ 
(V*HMJ3:_


M1QT 
AU2^C7$GQ:MSZ?\4W4G]LW/_16;?_PFZJS6
RMB3X2S^W_%1K_2F?8S

MA1TRWLU\PAOA+)GMYGB2@#I!=7VH(K1_$..Z\OKLT+RL9_GT_2C^TM2_U?\
MPG/_ )2JHG[;IJ*(OAM]A$W_ %'%DW8^O3&?UIODZE_K/^$&_P#*M'0!IM_:


M 
Q:/CI6EJD&I6\.[_A7?W_^HM'V_P#UT 0RMJ[3/Y?C[RO7_B3*V?SIOEZW
M)_S43I_U HZIS6/]H1P?VAX&^R[


M'G_RDUSK1^?/_P B-T/_ $%JT_L?[G_D1O\ RK4 (NO2VTCF/QSUZ_\ $II_

MKZY_PK+D\47MG=[;?P#YO/\ T%EX_.@#J =9LU+WWCGAO]7_ 




WB26W@^T?

M2YO(A_PB73/_ #%I*?XHM]$M?L__ !27W]W_ #%I.V/\: .GFM]6U(*\?Q$C

6_P 1+?YL[O\ B11_A5[^S?%OD^9_PL2W
MZ9_Y 4=8
K7Q\RV^(G_ )0E_K3X?AQHVKW5


[?









N-#T2*
MU1_^$2^]_P!1:2MO0=%T6]AX\)8V?]163O\ _JH S;2ZUN'R?^+B1]_]9H4?
MZ57U34M;EF_Y*)'\O_//0HZN:YI.B6L=QGPEZ?\ 
5D]ZYG2;/1)YS_Q27W3






)
C./

MB:\]CATFXA7R_AW]EV]?^)RS;OSJ1;/38\G_ (0;_P JU 'HMUK=YKL8;1?'








TB



M_P#/C'7/R:7I'BJ


MH ]'OI/%MC'%_P 5%_K
_P#+C'VQ_C53S/%MQ_S

+@[

M'I=Q8_$'4(8&TWQ1Y(&?





M&



JUQ0!Z



M^7S_ 




?\M[?M_\ KI;/3?&;2$OI








ML?#?A+_7;OM?^G6_;&S[_P!6Z51T^'XARR[KWPEZ?\O]O^/W/ZUQFFWWPRTV
M22/3]7^]@2_N+KMG'7ZFMB2Z^&\T(


:[1X2X[_Z?;US$D/PW

M+XY


M.ETWX;K:N;?5_3=^XN*T-*L?AW- ?



M1J['X=^&%U#N75N?^N%U_6@#NM1T?6)%MPO@SS2


QB;P-^[Z?\ (5CKS+[)X.UJ.%H[OY;?.[_CX[X_

ME)

?KFJJ^$?C2Y7QGYI_PP
M;(N* /2IK?Q+81K_ &;H?V\M]_\ ?PQ;
=.O7//Y5DS7GQ$DDV_\(E\O_7_;
MUS%SH/A'2UBEOO$7VI.2O^B3+MZ9Z?A^55Y_&GPM\O[-_:_[WI_J+B@#KS)X



MW'_32@#=L])U&ULYKC4?#'V!UQM_T]9=_7/3ICC\ZN:.LNL9\O2/N=?W_K_^

G;_@)]:
M.NFO/$$5U);:7X=^U*O$W^EJFWTZ_C^5.^Q^(=OF?\(F/-Z_\?\ '7#:]XO^

NWUZ*/:L+R?AQYGG?VO\ NNO^HN* /0M6U#QRK1(G
M@'^T$Y_YBT


(OM4D?'_ !Z7
O_'C=?TH ]*OKCQ7-Y2VO@?[*$SG_B;0RYZ8Z]/_ *]1+#XQEQYG
MA+IT_P!/A_I7G*ZI\*6816?B+[4PXD_T2Z7;Z=?Q_*MWT/P!J?_ ![ZO_O?















M]?\ B12
MV.N'NK?0+CRY9/&?V_RLX_XE


M8O\ A


EWL&3
M'X&^]U_XFR_UI_V'4FX_X0;_ 
JT=8#:AHFK
!;_ !$_U?WO^)%)WZ?RJ[;V


M?B'^_A_UA&E-WZ=/H:KS76FM_P U#_\ *-(U &I#)J_F;9/ W7I_Q-HZV/L6

M(N/!GE?W?^)LO/KTK AO;+35=9/B)_K.G_$F9NGT^M);W5E-YOE_$3KC/_$B
M;W]: -;4K-=#NBMUX






M_P8MTJ[_P L?^2=]O\ H+52N+C[1)'_ ,5STS_S:N_\L/^1Y[?] F@#
6&

M^O2KO]J:;Y./^%B?^4F2@!L.A:7?7B


37US_A
M4PTJRULNMQX'^Y]S_B:^O7^0J'^WM-6
S+X^\J*'_6_\2F3G/3^1K);Q18Z[


=MV
M?N_[6;GYAZUY[^TUI,-K\&OB+YFA_P!C1$:=G_2_/V?Z1%^7]?PKT;5O)N;%
MC#\1L$#S%_L;=NRRXY[=#^=<[^UYXHTR+]G?QU#+JWVZ5FL ?\ 1=F/]+MZ
8CK
M;AOW\T6?WHS]WKUKH_V0O#?@70OB=K
_A[Q+_;5W.T'VN'[+-#Y)$4VSF3AL
MY;[O3;SU%9'C:[E\
^ =;UB'3_M.Q(
?O-G611U_'TK[_!4^7
ZC?]WR/D\7








F#]HM^1NV_7^&OG







M


(
M/BA!X-\/^-;#_A /-\$0S&M:Q_:N=F]QY)\LJ93F5V7Y/7GBO1O&7@.'XW?


-3@H2C&_=R:U]$T

]NAKY
MU\*?$?XL? GXHZEX(L]
_MFWG\ID3S+:#RB(7E/S%'8Y:1OXNWO7KGPA\/ZC

M _P9^(

N3LY'



HE6E:_P#G]QY^+Q7LSZI^(_[0FF:+

@G
MTR338QY C947]]&QSG


M;/ IUK6-6_X57X&P?M&@_9(-5\W



M ]B
I*#4]SBO$GP=_9

X''7/

MN*Q%9U8_RM)+O:_-?^M-#GP\KTI
@_9N/BIXT\67'BC/]G6%X%6]M?+M9/+
M\N.:./Y^V75F^51C=WKF/VB](NHO#5[?Z8OVQH5^8?ZO 
L87[W7Y2/NCM]

WF$RL_\
/&

MJD_AZW^2




**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** *VH?

7P
MO=C4M8_L@%OD;[(T^_YY

K_9


D/[SP


;_\ B3
N
MW/3K]#^5:L
-LPQ_PG/_ )2:OZI'XD\Z/_BAO[4Y/_








M_P :T;#Q3HMQX'C+SO^X5)Q4+^']7\O]W\._K_Q/8ZBT_2=;M9W/_N^O\






I-

O[<R?##Z?\3V.I/[#UO_HE

M[B+[/\-?*WYW?\3V/G&
?SJ*ZN/%/VU#)\._I_Q/8Z .E7Q-IFAQQ?:O%G
G
MW/\ B6LO3KT4^HJ2\\;V5]:

MCR_ /F[L9_XG
:XQG_&F6YUF33E1OAWP/^H['0!)8ZS9?\2Y8_&.P+NR/[-9


MK3?MWB0KC_A6'W?^H['0!GVBVVGM&?\ A


?\*P^YG_F.Q]__ -54-1L_$GVR




B/P-VY_XFR_UH X\2


;9Z5+J'A:_LF-PO@;D=?^)M
M'0!E:IH-[:W321^.?];U_P)3Z?_ *ZJ?9=2A_YGGK_U:Z^TL[ZYLT:3P#Y
MN.G_ !-5X_*J&H6MRNW_ (H'RNO_ #%EY_.@#+TG3;V\OD
GCG[G3_B4^O\

M(/\ ^56@#CKC48X90LGC/S=_3_B4]*O6'V929?\ A+?3_F$TUM)U*29CI_P[
M^U;/O_\ $Y5=OIU_'\JF5O$D?[O_ (5KY6?^H['S0!#XBU+[?]C%OXS\KR=V

M]2L29?\ A!NO_46CH T-9TVY@ELYKCQ]Y7WMO_$JZ]


M?^0M5YO#'EPA/^$&_P#*M0 W4O%42K:VTGC/S=VX#_B5=.E2#Q5'I$.V/Q=_

MH['W_P#U4 6!?7


ME'_S//7_ *A-6]-TNYD$O_%N_3_F+?6GW&DWJX
?P[^O_$V7^M %=KS4I%'_

?\Q9?Z4VXTN^X\SX=_3_B;
M4 4=/U#4HUFC_P$Y_UF/^83]:3^R-2\WS_^$Y]_^032R6-[#(C1^ ?*]?\
MB;+S^=:'VG4O)V?\(-V_ZT= $UIJMR()$N/'/W
;?\ B4_G4-CKG[^0?\)S
MZ?\ 
)JK;V]SY-VUQX&ZXV_\39??/2N5MC_Q
W'_  @W?_H+4 =/)JG^DS_\

MQ=7-S%&;?QS]W.[_ (E/Y50FOM2A_P9Y_\ *327'VFU2(6_@;[^=W_$V7MC
MUI8=/U*\_P9!\W_ +BR\?E0 VWU_5E+B/Q_'%TSOT96S^=64U[6Y
C_ (6)

M?ZW)=0G_ (6);]_^8%'[5J17VK-.5D^(D)]/^)(E9'@;POH/B2XNRWA/:;;;

L=?55\)9'/\ S$I%_P#9C0!J27VI6HN3_P )]!+N
MV_\ 

MWOQ_*F^(+BYM /\ B@?+W_\ 46ZX_P#UT 6I]:UVX;]SX^CB]?,T96S^=1?
MVAXD_PBB6__ ((HZQ9&^U6\)N/!GE8SM_XFW7IFHOL]M_T*/_E5H Z:RU+6

I

M'3^=7]6UBYX_XH;_ 

MYF+_ 


MX87'&-W_ !/)/?%7=+\




_A^UN
M8()/ W^NSC_B;2=L?XU'J5QX;T;/_%#??_ZBTG;_ /70!Z)#_P )Q(ODMUB_

M2?'5X4:.;RO+SGY+=LY__53X/^$[4[)+OIP/W%O7F-\GA(F./4/!GE;L[/\


M8P.LEW]/W%O7G5Q9_#S1+BV23PE)^]W8\S5;CMC_ !IFJV_PX.
^$OO_ /45







_K3])L_!

M =UJK?$J7[

MQ^_N.V/\:R;_ $_P(L(ECM/K^_N* -]?^%F)(QDTC[W3]_:_TJY#;_$.3)DT

MG^R?7_EO;^U7=GC_ 





DNKOXCKHLB_V3V_Y[V]<?8K\-Y-,U ?9/]7L_Y;W'?=_A7/ZQ=_#==*_

=

^D\C[O[RW:IE;XD1R8

U=1!X=^'<EGYUM:=L_Z^XH W











MK(9_AO)\WV3_ 
CW% 'I5TOQ.N(HC#I'*9_Y;VO?'K56&?XNK)L;2/D_Z[V=

.T-IP





MDT_RF.



?Z7;KMQG_




<C]Q

\8^7N_X1+Y_^OZWKE=8M_AK?+9H-6YM]V?W

N/\ A+9





?-=\'_KI0!UMC?\


MZ$;_ 
$O^?O_ -&4 =/-/XI3'F?#;[?Z?\3F-=G_

MQY_X2+M_SXR4 :ZOXHNF!D^&_P!AV]/^)S&V[_\ 5_6K_P#Q4GE;?^$&_P#*
3_Q]_P#HR@#H%@\4K-OC

^U_\ HR@#HKJR\37?E




BUY[\!XXH_ACI!A;<I,W.]F_Y;R=CTKT*@ HHHH **** BBB


?+9^3[W3''4U%XTL

MOPB5OZ5][A:]\RDGTY7]W_#GRF


M\OT[UY9\+;?7_$/[0Y^'^DR^7I%RY:]'R\[;9IH^N#]Y3T(K]!5U+0O$ESJW




MBL_]J_PG::_\)M2U*S807-OM9&$;-N/VB#TX[=_6ML#FV I9A+ ^SW:U];_Y
M(TW?J=\;GS5\^3Y=D<<O\


MV_(8B#E2!P1UKL?$'B34?@SJ&H^!O@S\/_\ A(_&\ZI_:LW]J1V_V4A?-A^6
MX5HWWI)*/E)QCGJ*Y7PG\0?VEK?6VT[Q-N34B3MM?+TPXPK/]]$V\KL/XUM[

%AN5G0_#OX?V'Q0:PO/B1XA^TZM\XN=(^S%/



L$GVI4_M

FC-JWF;%
M3C
KMMPSNW&
^9WP*\C^-VI?%S2+K6+[3]/_ .*

;$-N7

MQZP;T
(/+T:2W^W[
.?]2P




]R&*HJK[-GV_IDA:\O5:+:Z[







M$TF6SR?
D? Y

G[)/A7







G










$3/


MXEUNGKG^E '&3OX$F19X;O\ LJ=_]9_Q\2^9Z?3'/YT[2[SPO'
?^*B]
?N)




K74OQ!6*(PW?+9W?N+?VK,N+?XD7&/
M]+_\@6] 'FWGPWW

M] N.:D^V?#?_ *'C_P D+BO05M?B$WW-)QZYDMVI?L?Q%_Z!0_.VH \XGN?A















GBW_6=/]!N.W_ZZS&U'P!#
&_X
M2W_R1N*]'CO_ (FB3%QI/RGI^\MVJ]))X[DC&-) /?\ X]Z //EUWP!J4!7_




MG6I9OM'BW_CW^[_H







?
MUJAKC_%)HR8=/\X_Q?\ 'KQ^= '%0ZOX$M=)$


M;2?F(R/W]O0!Y?#JG@GQ)J=U?V_C/RLE2W_$MF;/7'516Y]J\)20^5_PG/\
MY29*WKBX\:6\T=M-IWE $A?WD+9_*MZSTWQ8L6_[+RWO'0!YW8Q^&]+:;[/X
MY_X^
;O^)3)VSC^=23:?HC?O?^$Y]_\ D$R5VFK1^-F:(V]I]S.[_4^V.M0V



G@Q88HF\
M?[0. ?[*N.?_ !RKLO\ PG6G7EL?^$7\WSLY_P!.M^










'=_PB7_ )5I
M* +:7VMVR_\ )1+?YO\ J!1TO]M:VO/_  L2W_\ !%'57PS8Z)J[7J_\(E_J
M=G_
6D[[O\*FOO#NB0_\REU_ZBTE #9_$&MR
@_X6);\9_Y@4=7[77M74?O/

MYY_I6/-H_AC_ ):?#&?V_P*CDH ]:X\3[U
WC..P _YZ:3'+O_ 

?UJW_
M &QJJQ[?^%B0;_\ L!QUY[HMKX;LY)%M_ 
EAYFW=YFNR2;\9Q]
9_6NF_LG



M* .PAD\?R;_^*B]/^7&WJ*X_X3_C_BHO_)&WKA=

MM3S?V#_RT^&



Y_PK+O-!TF
M&7;)\


M?0UGZA9Z;#^Y;X;3RCI_R





M%=9_XMY/Q_U'+C_&@#T1-2\;6T
L=QJ_]J^9C;_HL
'EXSGIUSG\




9D;./_UU
M9\KPY_T(]Q_X-9* .A67XA0
$7H_7_CWJTVE^+UF@EN^G)_Y8^WI7'O;:$UW



QF1=N
?XT^.'PO



1X^YJLG?_


M2_ UK9F:W\)=L_\ (5F_]FH WM-L?BXK3&ZO.#C9^XM??/3\*O\ V3XH?\_G














M 







MMJB.TZ]?WENM0V$?CJ.9O-M
Q_S[TR:S\;28_T3_P!)ZXVV
M\






M\L?UKP?]L#6M?A_9Z^(

M[R9MV%;'7ZG\Z\K_ &[H_#MU^SCX^E6[Y;[!_P ]/^?NWH ^A?@:+W_A7U@]


%S*6':/,-4
MAL?/[7

/XM%NZ_+]T'K6Y_P
M3*6RL_!.L65QQK0



'P

M*]#'QQ


R!_\ 5\;R-OWV

_LF(P_\\[%5EY7G[[)]_P##O5/X2?$'6?'-YX;\0W-E
M]E\




[N.AKC8?B?JWPP6T^&/QRL?[5T6_
M'[0QVVZ



MYZ







A\N7S8=ORG9M[FM*OG;]D*ZEN[7Q*POOMUEMM# VS;CB7
M/.T9[=S7T37P5:G[&HX7O8^KC+FBF%%%%8%A1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444


ES*






M#X@:'KFH^!;^';#X;$;W$O\ H_S_ &E)IQT';)Z
W7MWXW]LSQE+9Z':K;_Z

MD$7[B3I);LK?=X_@7K7GGPI\36_@#P_XVOI)?*N)OL(LOW;-G#N).@('ROWQ

1B*/-7YH'-_#W5-$^)?QFUOQ_<+]HTC5
MS;MIW^NZ0V[6\Y[=67^-5Z<9%?0/PGL=8US7M1U?QI$87MA&M@W^ULD67B/G
MJB??_#O7F]OX8TC3_A[!H?@\_P#$O\2K_P 2'[W2VF#7/WV)ZY^]CV[UI7RZ
M5\4K6QO?&=]]@T_PX9/MCB23/GD*G
3#'^K3[H/7G'?3'3H5DIT](V2]+*U

MYGUD?A04445)04444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 -/WA6%KC^7
MI]^WHT7_ *&*W&;:Z_C7


M'H'G
U_9O&WE;_\ A8EO_P*.@#A&_X5YKB
M!I/7^HZ?\3:X[__ *JKO=?#O3?]7X2^O_$VN*[=8_'5X[/XB6_R=?^)%#W




MX3US^S[V!RJ_Z#YN_=
D8^^Z@8\H]C6OX#\



M#/-L(Q
'_P)EN/W^SO$3W[ 5Q.G?MZ^)/%ND'6O _@'S;Y#^__ .)M#Q^\

MR?\ 9
^(&H^&?V=;SXB:=$9=
G9'DP8P1MNY8/X@6^\S]$H X3X&_MW6GC+X


MNKWY[5]

MY1_Q\I_M3]Z^A/V@/%7B+PE\#]4U&]UOSFD\@*3:1KMVW

M!+GPS?WEYJ7B3[7]K618PWR;=NW[7$/Y?I0 ?']I33/%_BZ3PC\9?_V#5[








M_A[PE]I&I-/YJ_VK-\FRX

H6_X


,=2T:R\[C*


(V&K_ .A$8_U%QT'3^(^OH*_/;QU9:AX<
M_:STQM.OO*GNO

#UYH P[;P
MU\//%UU##%#_ &U$X87'[RX@\KY3C^(9SSZXQ7@WQI_:3\
_#36H_#'@_P +

M]BL;G_D'-_:4;;RJL9_^/=



M='




WW

8
M:A%\/-1N9H9-7_X]^G[BX[__ *JS[?3?ANLQ']K_ /DXKUMK7Q\OF&*;RO^
MV%OS63-)\2HY

UU8_X65=0S



?N+BNFM
M9OB


]=$;WP+)%CU?Z_N+
MBM*\C^)B!?L=WZ[_ -Q:_AU_&H+5OBQ+(0UWP/\ IA:_TH P)X_ $;9N-7^]
M]W]Q<?C47_%M_P#H+_\ DXKN)(OB5%&FZ\Y/7]Q;U'_ 



^K_[W[BX_O3O

M_:O %U_S%^G_ $PN*])CL_'^

M_0;C\*NPV?@FX_YG/S?^W&XXKJ9%^*$2H8-) S][]Y:M_.IH+SXJ1Y#Z3GT_





MX N+BS7_ (2W_5[O^7&X[X_PHO;KP!+_ 
S;]S_IQN*]?O)O';6Z%-)RV#N_


\$VMX#_ 
);W_Y\+BN^CUGXD3LZV^D?=QN_?V_X
M5'
WQ1FY_LC_ 
CV] &3J'COP!/I/DW'BWM\O^@W%9D^O?#G5M#^QKXMY'_3

_\ $MN&SC/^-7?#
M\_A+PW'

M1/\ T43_ 
I-Q7I-IK'Q
\O%YX


Q77Q/XF^Y_

E=#JUCJ5G);#_A6'W]W_
=C[8_Q











GQ9@'7'_
M !3?TINHZ\UPIC7XM6^?^Q;J-;4WUQ$/^%2SY&?^9C]:?J'A\VH

MB.@!J_:+6&)YOBS!A\[3_P (WZ=?YBIXM6V_\U:MSC_J6Z@6-KVW1?\ A4UQ

E3:2[0#Y?A-.#_P!C'F@#6::YL]T_


MF.OI_6MZ#[-_:P/_  B7K_S%O]EJ +NMW?B2UN MQ\58+#^[_P 4W'+O_P 


-O+Z_P#%
1KBN;NM




MKZ=+&WQ5M[]E  _XI^--O7\\_TK#L[[78M2DW?$2WPQX_XD4=9K+H45]!X





M;_\ @BCK!^PZ(N#_ 

7$M_\
MP11U?\[6_)_Y*)!_X(XZY2^71+9H?^*2^]G_ )BTGM5C[1HGD_\ (I?^5:2@






39N_7I]*3['HG_ $*7_E6DH W[
FSS(+CPE]TG;_Q-6_'I5K['HGV?_D4O_*M)0!+_:&MR.W_

MDH 27_A)+J2





M/\*;]L\6_P#11+?_ 
$4=5(_[(L8U

OBU?^:B6_P#X(HZKPZQIL ;_ (I+K_U%JCF\
M0:;_ -E_P56@UWB15E%Q\1+?G&W_ (D4?XU1VZVLV?\ A8EOU_Z 4=5+

MN-=VAC\1+?';_B1QUR4DNB274:_\(EW_ .@M)730Z5HDEIN_X1+C'_05DH 2



M8DL/M&W?OU*:??C./O=

MZ_3&?UIO]L:W_P!#%_Y(QUQ^DZMX;7S?L_A?[!TW?Z=)+OZX^F/ZUH?VQHG_

MWG/_ %PMZ\WNY/!-VT(N/_E8SM_XFTW/3TJ[#IO@!HL_P#._\ E2N&H Z1
M['XHPLYBO.O_ $PMZJ^3\7O


V_'7I]?UJ@UQ\.;65?)\


M_AY'+MD\
22^FS4KA



M6]
\OXD2?\O?_DWKGXO'@'4$+?\([_ *O_ *B5PO7_ /55#4/#?P]L\;_#






MN9




5U=?9






MLV-QP5)/WST]*S_CM??\)U\+-2B\.G[7+^Z_Z9[
SPY'S 9^7?T]*Z_Q%\2K
M?P=INEPW5K]H@F
@9O



OPUO6T#P[9ZG#Y4+?:?M?[R-



_=KA-'\8:#\:_@[!;Z=X9_LW
MPU$6
=E]NDGZW9/^L^5S^\3S.IZUZSXN\.^
6OH_BI\$+/\ MV+7&9KBS\R&


/DP



\[N/#_


W'@^XN/B
M#K]A_P ([X0\(^7_ 




U9F4A_O#K5BODH5?;
M1]IW/H%'D]T****T&%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 UAFH'82?)3IK@1S11]Y,_IC_ !JJS;;HI[@_SJ'3<M8D
MR?*KC=1DFM[7?;Q?:#&.8O[U<#X\^*OA[X<ZVNZLPLY(1\UMAB6RRJ?NHW]
MX5XQ\6-2UKXA?'#P]X1TKQ3_ 


ORIXR7)4W^+[C@J8


VGF-_F;B+82?O]=_'0UW
.D7VO7'BS

M1:2L_OUUMVOT9Y-6LJ[=1=3GO%GA;Q'X%TK6/%/P?AD\.W9$)U&&0QWFP%DC



?[M^W





S]RB?='

M.7S
9:3DL2
/(W7UKZQ^!

X3'R0IG]_+N_P!7^'7\.]:E
MIH^GZ+;Z7KUK9G7]*N&G*GSVM_LVP

M=TO^NV9E/X]C4X[-J5;$I6UN8X:@W1U/D7PCI);Q/H6FPZ!Y-AJ#7 N'^U[M


M\







\1\_Q


MKF?% CFT35A)TPG_ *%73LVUE'K7



M8Y(=6_LL;FS_ *(L_F?OIO7IC]
I
= '.+!HEVV__



M&Q_M9+K

^H_\*/U(_VOS^Z_Y81_\_4% 'RU
M_P $VKJPC\/^(Q:^&/)U%OLXM_\ 3FY^:Y+_ '@5^[GKBNG_ &W?V0C\0IO^
M$RTCPO)+XHR?


MG\* /RMT?Q)XF\!^

E7SL/'J30;/G53P%&<[/PQ7E_[?7P9M-8^$^EWMY;YUG3/
M.\^3S&7A[BVV<*P4_*@KLOV2]/UO2_@=IL]EJ/V79YP7]Q?^7JX_O
2: /1
M-%NM!T^^OX+3P/);%0N_?JLDF[@XQZ=_SKC?VA-:TU?@?K1_X1/_ )X\?;I/

M+_EA'_S]04 ?+?\ P3#N=-OK?Q'


M-^[_ (EL*XP?]ECGK[4 ?






M +!_PJ^'WQ&O!\1/'*_:?$

M!NH7^CP^5]J6

GP



M[5):^

ME=W O/LGS9)_U]Q7H



M;X\_[)[_ .ON*[\6GC]O+


M;NSQ_9/N8_Y;W%:5LWPWNL_Z)_Y'N*Z:.Q^(TTTA7Q1Y07_J&V[9JRMK\0U_


M 





M\RT]
?O[BO3;/3?B8N_[;KJ19QLW:=;MGU_I5DV?C^/IXB0Y_N:=;K0!YEJ0
M^&\WV=_LGW

M;_$1%W_\)$FW_8TJWH X^]N_ANEQ:-]D^]N_Y;W'M5?5O^%;WV/]$^[_ --[
MCO\ _JKM5@^(-_:SF'Q1Y1BQN_XE5OSG/^%







]/PK5U*'XCQ0E_MGWO^F%O0!XOJ&E?





+#$D?BWC!_P7&X]JS+CQ5X NL?\ %6_^

M5;B/X;\?\5S_ .2-Q7JE_=?$.Z5-FDXVYS^\MV]*S)H_B.W_ #1_P2] 'E



M4W'/2J6[P O_ #4__P I-Q7JEUJ'Q#N0D
?A+_4YS_IUOW__ %5!N^(__0I?


1?\)Q]SC_D


MXSG_  K)TO2]6\[]Y\
/I_Q/8Z *&IZIHD$V/^%B1VN[_GIHTC;O\_UJG]JT
MBZ_U?Q/CXZ^7H4E;FIZ'J4\^?^%2276W_GGX@C7;]?\ /:JJZ;J5MG_BS-Q_
MX4D= &3

B


MLY3_ 


M?_B[




A^$\Y*XR3K^W/6L^XLS;R!3\);C_ 
*2


S)




EY:S6_CZ.+RMV[S-&5






MM-)K

M@#IUOKZ9G^Q^/HXO[WF:




M( /




UNW_YK-;_ /A+QM6
NL:;(2+CX57$7]W_
M (J!FS^5/5M$NL_\6PN./^H[)0!?O/[;U2$I_P +5M[_ &_]2W'%LS_/./TK



WG?\SS_Y



MI]156Q_UL[?\)SZ?\PKZUD6SVT*W*V_@SS?N[O\ B;-QUQUK6TO_ %.?^$&_
3I<







-TVZ'&*QF\/:)?36;




M0E?^%B6_3_H!1U11=-:(&W\)?[W_ !-F_#K4UB+::4K_ 
(EZ?\ 
6H BCLO


M$




MK'AO;G_A$O\ RK25)_;'AO\ Z%+_ 






M8V^7?21;?E7\_P#ZU'V7PIY6_P#X1.?_ 
&DE ':26OC:]C06^K_ -E;/O?Z

2JWKB)K?P=?
1)X
N)?+Z?\36;C/T^



AM;E8?5Q^ZP&_P)K-WSCK]#5NV'A/\ LQ+G_A$I
?\ 3359* /3


?Z
JR<










MJ



NMNW4\K-/X!\U?!VZT#5&\66GA'3_ .Q[0O9#68O/
MDG^U\N8OFD^:/;B7_5]=W/05Z]\1?&D/P-\.Z-X?\)R_V5=
DID_=_:


J:DSAK/69/


M[E\]0O3OVH?%KX:Z%K'Q O= URZ\NWU7RQ;#9(V%AAC9ON.




M^ZCRM?-7#%4?]FI8CK+_ #/;O%GP9N?C];:OH5SJ/]GV4;1+)^X\W?DAA_&N
M


M\_G^9G?Y
G'-<A+X_;5=:7P_\:=#_LJ*<*-'OO/63S
!
M99SMM0N,0_?/?CH:\!^*_PGUWX_%RTUKQ!=?VC\
G$@5]BP[-UJB'D.\Q_
M?RC^'MSQFN# QI8S&K%3ER-]NMM-#HJU/9QY3TWX)Z#\0]&^)&DS^.M7^T^

M@


M[-2TZ4N:8-6TBBBMA!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444




2_ZORPI_=IMZ_P &


]%6M
5/EI0O'VDOYK
M_P!?\&Q&'O3@J?8\LU;Q)\'?@S=W


.ORL/G3WKSC2?B1\8/A[XWTKP
M=K6D_P#8^%M2,WV37M]G9;_ XFE8^2J
_#LJ_
1]W(SN./;]2\)^$];^)F
MI:+IFI#3M481[K86DS!\0EL;BP7A ?SKR
3B:U.S5.U[ZWYNW?8]*


5'R
.G^%?






M/A_QMJU]:W_GB4P[UV
O_+#:.O\ OFOAZ_9M\-:MJMQ,VL_V?\ :54Q)Y$D
MN_G/\?&
C\Z^T?A/\&;+X5:1?WHU W0=XBA\B2+H[+W8Y^^*\_

M*_EZDX7$?N#@OV.Q!K%OXSGF3]Q)]B$L.QCYP\R=!\RD%=K -^%1^.FMOV==



MOM.I6



US_ 
(+XC_X1RRCVEX_[-M;S?F!2O
GS##EON^O/:N@_P$
M;N_FI1:]X







M_M5N



/B9?^.?#K?8
M+PM&47]W+O\ W

M]@F@!Q@\


Z-Q].IK.76M;_LI



M#M?%'E7&F?;3+_H


M1A1)TCYSSVKZFUKQ0E^[3Z;\1H])@7_C[\S0FE\S/W
;NF&]/6JUOJ&O6]L+
MNP^)$=U9'KLT*.+OC^+D_
6Z4 ?

__

M@#Y$M/V

MMG\(ZCYOV8










XQ[U.UUXMCP?^%H0?\ A.1T

^*G?3_!NG_PK\._7
[07'A



M_/%:5UKFI1^7_P 7)MXNO_
2(_P#A+?\ RDT <);VG@JS
MF:.Y\&O89^[OU6:3=Z].F./SK2DM_ MK#YL?AWZ_Z=-_6I;BUUVTG$EKX^CL



M_;O OE^3_P ([\O3_C^N*W;6^\4M
_F_%.W1%ZK_ 
(W'S6Q_:]_Y6W_ (61
M#YO]_P#X1Y/\: .&AT[P.A=[7P[R_P!__3IOPZ_C45QI_A*3'_%.]/\ I^DK


_PCT%97



[_\4XE &5
'@
A-W^G3=MV.H/O4.D_%;P]
\UJWAW]VV!_Q_

M_#OS3$%O].D[?_KJQ;Z?X2N



MO^+H0?-G_F7$]J 







V


MKO+%?'JPDMXMCN@WW/+TJ'Y?KG_/%-NH_B

I)M0^&\G'V3_R/<5UBZK\1VD9/^$N@X_ZA5O5N&;XAR<R


VO[BX[YS_*





/




M%G'G/_

M !=K&








MZ .&5--O%E:W^)4=_LQN\O1F79GIU]?Z5U/AN\MK. _\5SV'_

EY\
.^1_Q/8?QZ4 4_$'B/2X8[2&;XDQV!FW8\S1

_M P_=_XFT

MOC!I0&^&OFCG'_$]CXH RK&QMHFN#_PG/WL?\PEO?UJ2WM[;SC_Q7/\ Y2:W
M=)L?%


M:;XCD_YHU/\ ^%+'0!@1S1R:;?11_$_[VS/_ !(O]JJ%N(H]/\F3XGQ]3CS-


MZEXX\223!OAWQ'C'_$]M^^?\* )XY?M$

2GKZU;M]0MK?/_

M)-4MKK;_ 
_P#T


MCL?- %J3Q;')?7JQ^
_*^[G_ (E/7K6-/JGF3;O^$Y_\I-22:3J3:I-_:'@#
\O88?)C\<^Q_P)36A-IMS8Y2W\#?ZS[W_$V7MTZ_6JB^#]5NI-Z^!N._\
MQ-HZ 

9S_ #KH5\0?N2/^$M_\I-3QZ-K&EP_Z
M+\._M3/]_P#XG
/^83U
MSG_I=*7[-_S//\ Y2:N26NI36<G]H?#O[+TV?\ $Y5MWKT_#\Z@TOP[]J/_
5M_P <_P!*V8(]2\G'_<_^4FE
^1@

GT'YU+;^']2Y_XH;_ ,JT= !)
M#J31D_\ <]/^H363]JU*UF_Y'G_ 
I-=$-/O;&-A)X&^_T_XFR]OI]:RVTV






3?\
M#=L_P#(6H Q+634OM4;?\)S_P4FK&IZIJ5OG_BN8_^VFDUF

?R;O\ 5Z3ZX_PK1U:^
MU*6$?\5S]W_J$UFV^DZE#IV?^$&Z_P#46CK3TFQO983YG@;[O3_B;+_2@#*E


M-2VU+4KR&0?\)S]S'_




D6[_ (0;_P JU $4U]J3;/\ BN;?C_J$QT3ZEJS0[8_'
?OY

Q_P!1;I4$.J7
DFW_ (0'RO\ N*]: 

M)3'70^=XD:SQ_P )QV_Z!
=5]6O]2L4@:W\ ^;OW;O\ B;+QC&.OUK._X2C6

M'_



MMB


M-J&G6EO%);^$\A

LI+;Q)-_R*7W/^HMZ_\ ZJ .BAL_$D\8F_X6
M'0W?^PXZ;)%XC3C_A8D'_@CCJ:.T@M[8I_PB8Q&.G]JUS=U=VS787_A$NA_
MZU &O*WB.V9!_PL2#Y_^H''VI]Q'XF/ELOQ$@QSG.AQGTJ6UT:UU2SDD/A+

H$/Q$@ROWO^)''3)+?Q
M7,M\1+?'_8#CK$N+RVL;Q1_PB7^M_ZBWI_^NMIHK:XL]W_)=O^@K0!0O&\
M2221&/XB6_RYW?\ $BC]JNP3Z])'M_X6)!O'_4#CKA@MDNF7_A$OO'_ *U
M=#!H-MY/F_\ )?^5:@E
OB==2LS)\1+?R3NS_Q(H_:K

M.G_$CCIEQ8V\UA=2?\(E_J-G_
5]6'^%5+.2VCTI[C_A$ONY_P8M_M-0!T
MZ=XI:0[_ (A0G'3_ (DD?^-85['XHM]2'E_$2W]_^)%'5?2_$-LTZ?\ %)8W


MD^I_U\E %'6)_$-Q# VF^
X[ _-YOF:5'+OZ8^F.?SK*MX?&TTI7_A8EO_X(





M 9-0V=/+UEEV9^GKC]*J?\(SI+?-)\



GR[]W_+1ZZZ@ HHHH




M/O'+*W7TK%PHX&


MQ7DDVC_$;7-6E_X4-XA_L3P0
;I/L-K=^9\HV\W?[SB;S^GKZ;:A5*&(GS45


MYF\/\^W;G SSCGOBYIUQHDVE8_Y&0M+N_ )_M%/]6?05UWP7T^+1?%CVWQ(O
L3]JK3I=4^(&AV^BG_ (F:^=G[
MO:&)OXOE_P!6IJ*?LL9CI4)2]Y;OY*WX$5JD:5*%67PO8[_X@?&M?A[H^E,^
MI?8-2G#^_<+)NPR+'_0,*_\/KS7B6C_&71=8UHZF?%?D7'RX'V&3YOEM_


O
/B5X]C^

M_:.+G

9T^[_M'^SO):**(R'8






--43?V.R:5#:;\
ME8;D8MR6ZE/OX_G7T&6M8ZI]5F]+KY[O3]?(SQT_J]&
CVWQ9X^M/BAH-C\.

.L:!X$D?[?X5?SS$_D





C;A\Q3^(?CV]0^-
MWA:Y^*']H)\




MZQOO;

5G=74/]I^'74_VA)YTR?9P(4\LXVEFRQ_A_N\]
MJ^N--^
7P
C\!W=E8Z]_Q)F9

M  YTX+'.-D?3'@R_TO5M-^WZ/F33Y_\ 5W!WYDP[@\/R
-N_.NAKYM_8O\.V











M=EX;CTS;\581(8];^VW!V;HO

ZK

M
?\ Q/OMR_*#&MU_JB&/_+3R_OFO?CC



&1M.C^U_:/


M@H5KNO:99R:9\.?[/O+HNOG_ -KPORI(S@PX/MTJ'3;?7/VU/U[%JGB4Z+
MX;M5C







M]_C7:?'#1#K7QLT:#Q;XF\KPU8-


MVH;PI=-

9:.:?Z'FT_?7




MJS-]]U_A/Y9J/QAXL\6_#?X7V_BFXL_^+R:HRM
//@_Y9SK%_=\C_CVD'\('
MU;IY4J/-4EA(:I;?XO\ +N=T';1G46]MIGBKQ7/\





\#?3_B;1U@PZAILD?\+/\ O?\ 4DJ&XNM-FQ_


N<
MG\JB_L%?^:33?\ A1'_ !J:2TELXXWB^)
=@LN?OZ%YN['\L9_6HO-NO^BL
MV_\ X3= $MO8P608-\
7M=_]_7/


Y]+L;&WF
M?@;[^

MCCQQDC_J%24 8DT
\0:
M]IT%Q'_Q<B.P+9^_HTC;NG\OZU2_M_3]F?\ A:T/_@C?_&@!D=JMPGR?:<[



MQTNRL8IO

U9N_P!*O6=Q




MAR/[5;Y?RK*US08_MNO]C^ ?.,F?^8KTQC^_P#7M5SD^SR7$4_C[ROM&/+


U4\
Z7IMQGS/ WI_S%F_I6C;(



MCMMWWM^C;MWI_GWJ/^TKK_HK




$=/^)5)0!6NM)L;J%&D\#?

[?^)M6--IYMVS_ 
(-

MS/\ \(.


MK_Q*6X_*L^[\6:5


M]Y0'7_B4MS^= $E]I-GHMM:_8OAL]_Y^[?LUQH]N








M !JGA?38[%?\
MBANH/_

MF\?\5S_Y29* 




M[O3[V^02&/XIP2[L9_XI\+CK3[C4-2X_XN?;_P#@BH \]CO-.D5_^+
W'_A2
M56^T:5YOS?!FXSV_XJ2NYO+S4I%_Y*A;\?\ 4K#^T:EYW_)3[?K_P! *@I
M#H^BZU'YEW\'YX?L_




YQXCQTQ_C5K_A'[7R/
M


M2O\ ='K69;_VXUT9?^$M_=9S_P @F.@!D-WIFH7D2_#RX'E9V_\3R3OC_C






M9HG$?Q$@]O\ B1P_UJ[I%AX]G423?$2# ^[_ 
2.'^E '&:I:_#RWN/
D\+R

M]*B;_A-K7_6?$2WYZ_\ $CA_I0!S^B^/?!J1W
5MX9


+R!/[







MAJ5]\/K/[
(9OL ?=N_X^)=^

+BN[MKKQ_I^/



M\SXM?][_P1[.@#SB_UKX9

MWG7XFS


M?Q(N


M%C^&]I_S.?F[_P#IQN.






?Z?;TRX_




\K&W_E^M^?O4QE\?M*#_P (





I5Q3?[4\$_]%$_\I5Q7HS:



[[4


8QUZYR?RK*BU#Q_)YW_%
(O#-Y-<I8^/O-'R^9_Q*9N.N.OXTVZL/[$2W'CC/?

M\*.=MC\1/LI7_6?\2:9MWIU_'\Z3S- C_P!9\3^O3_B125ZE:Z?KMNKO#I'V
MHR8W?OXXMN/Y]?TJM=1^*


\W

M\[O^)-

M_P!.A^;/7I]/UJ#2U\6RC_D7?N_]/T= &+X6_L#4+.=8_&7]LB
+S_9LD'EY
%_-V[=O^G1\=<U=FTO6WC/_%)=


R[.N.OKS^50:WI-LUY
MN_X3/RL'_H$]:ZJ:'Q2MQ#YG@S^T.N/^)M'%LZ?GG^E9VL6OBB9OW?P[^[U_

MK&
W'P[_ -7G;_Q/8^^


MB4R?C_2LVXM](DQY?CGZ_P#$IDK6AL?$%LQ-Y\-?-W?



GO5+[1IOG_\ (\]_^@3)78#1=256/_L.O\ U'8ZI?V/
MJ7F?\DP_\KL= %6W:REC_=^,_-QU_P)2W'YU+Y=O_T-O_E)K46QUNV4?9_A
MA][[W_$]C_CR_$G_1,/_*['0!@WD-LS1_\ %9^5U_YA/7I5ZQAMEY_X3/S?
M^X3TK0\OQ)_T3#_RNQTY?^$DCS_Q;#K_ -1V.@GJR:;(UJ]QXS\KR]VW_B4


M/RMO7_B4]:;_ &K_ 


M'XM^_NS_ 

M 

M]D\L?\(-][/_ #%J;/I_[G/_  @W_E6H JS0W

M?^*Y]/\ F$UF6\=S'+(+?P-Z;O\ B;+[XZUHV_\ :7/_ !0W_E6CH MR7%S;

M





M%$WV79YG^F6[?A7T&EU_:&^#_A7_ )WRD[O[9V[





MKD?C_P +_8[.80'3)/MT)R%!






-#L_[-^'6@
M^?\ :+7S!+]M\^'[4GS?ZV/9-N;@D'/.

&7[U


M?'K]HKPAX3^)MCXH\&G=XATT.+[B8?-);Q0P_?0Q_PK8_=!]^U?/.&(E+$N
M_L[I>_O;7MY['75Q%-TX)%/2-0DDT/QYXPT/PU_PD/Q7NFL6U&U^UB#R53?!
M'UQ


VC[

M9SU&/


^'-3_L?2Y!:F1O+





FI75^;&SMRIE80^8P7T)'7MZUY#\0/
MVEO#D.EBY\
O_;U^JL##M:#^


)O -I_:&FW



MUW?#6+

Q_?!TX)Z?W:]B;X#ZSXX\?0:[\2?$WV/P-H


MVY'&*[2UN/A?\&_B=I^AP:=_PG/Q)(F-W=FYN=.SB(RJ?*(:$_Z.^.&/W
_Q




M7N2UY(V4DE_
UK_P+'I5*[I4XT.QU4W[4_Q!;QU'H5I\._[3E8M]IB_M*VB^

/W6V
_

M@6/3KS]H;0=


MK\0O!NLZ#I^H1^&/^/
M&K?=^]N4K_K&)^\P^[^/:N9^#VE1:C^V1\2KW3[?

M#7-&MC

N6Q'M^[T+.Z_ZL ]HNN:
MQQ&;?VI6Y

M=_-

M




MQXL\

E9;?^SEEV'RDA7YRTCG][./X: /

?+Z?*
MU\/_ !9\+?CIH\_BJP\2_;Y9P#

=PO2@#T2WM/&MTS&Y\)?=^[_I\/

O_$]MZY/3=6^&
M&AQR1KXS\TW&/^7&XXQG_&H[O3_A]J/[U?&?E#_KQN.: .JM]+\5?;$DG^&'
M/_8=A_I5O5+3Q).!_P 6P^[_ -1V.O/X]%^'C6]QYGC/S<8Q_H-QQUI^FZ+\
M-Y<?\5;]W_IQN* /0(?^$CM;-%_X56\N[^YKL?%5%L_$,LVX_NXC'_8=CYK













_K6O_PDGA/RO^2A\?\
;/_8=7G\JR
M-,U#P7J5T1-XS^WE/N_\2F:+9GZ=<X_2DU[2?%U]WQ1Y0_Z\9N?SH V[/P;




ME*FK:!:_ZSXB?3_B4R4 7IFO)6 ;P#YH7I_Q-NE20W%S:?\ -._O?]17TK1\

MMJT
QF\#?93'C;_Q-OO9S_A^M8MW9WEO

MWQ#^RK'OQ_Q)F;=G'I]/UK*M]2\.PRDM\3MQ_N_V-(M &G*+VX:*&3P-][./

NS/7IZX_2FS1^ +/\
MYF+_ 

/^Y@C:I?L^L_\ 1)YO
9(_B)][_J#2/0
M!LPOXCU#4)YS\-WOER-NS6HTV]?SS_2MK[9XC\G9_P *GFQC'_(=CKAYM3T+

:]*X_?X56_B2;Q%QDX_T&;V]*


MVJE#I^F*WF-\2O-3M_Q)I%Q0!U'FZMYTJ6'P\?5%_CV:TJ;/3KZ\_E3/L.N[
MM_\ PJ:?=_V'HZQ6M_#NI*N[QG]O
/\ U#9%V9_QQ^E-V^&_]7_PD7_DC)0!
MOM%K=SMCN_AM)8*/N[]:5]WKT]./SIMQH
EG&)O^$&^8\_\ (6K)MK[PSX;6




-'TM($N?'^P2 [#_
M &5)SC&?YBN7\1^(/#MY)A?B3Y3-_P!0:1\T :DFFYOKAO\ A#/-R1_S%NG6
ME_L[_J1__*M6-:Z=HZVZ.WQ)

E &[::.TBR.O@;
ME


MD%F;QUM1

DWA75;6!&^)/F^3G_F#3+C./3Z



M^/O*9
Y_XE







NW\O\\5JR76FVH@-QXX]=O_ !*9/;- $4GB
M!9+.$0_#NXN@
[O^)[Y6WI^?_P!:LIKRTN)


M:W[NX:55

S36\/6JSPM\
)[5

QR3OC_  K1


M- '



 -*F?^T/\DOG?<\O4IEQCKT^HJ9-2^%6H\2

6LG]D26NW=_K+ZXEW=/R_^O0W


(OAFTGV7[)\O3_7W
M%=?%JOQ$ACC$GBVWV]_^)5#_ $K3AUCQ5(F&\76^_P#[!,= 'GDFA_#W7S8



H]7_P%D1_\S=;_ (Z5;F@#B+ZT^&^H1V;?9/\ 5[O^6]QW

M7=G=^6






-W^[&=W[BSJWJ2_%N&+8M





K_ '<Y_<7%1_VAX!_Z_\ Y N*[IA\1+7!DN_O]/W%OV__
M %TW[9X__P?O_R!;T <=:ZAX P__$W]/^6%Q3+C4/ ''_$W_P#(%Q7=VUUX

MWG_VO[_ZBXKTJ'_A8=TQ


N_3'

M?QLH^U]?^F%O3YCX_6+=]K_\@6] ' I
+BJ%W??#F'[NK\_


GCCRY5FN^5Q






MK_V?\6O^?O\ \@6= '

M1_#?C_B;_P#DXKT*U;XD7#2K]K^YC_EA;]\TVXA^)X_P!+_P#(%O0!YKYW





_-W_

V]/^G&XKM/.^)S8/]EKQ[VU3^^*KQI0/_ &TM




MAI_E&


S6

M 'N.OXU2^Q_$?._[*

G;_\ 75GS-$_Z



.+;G'Y]/TJM!'XDLS_R+O7_I^CH \\O9-)O_ S'

M0I*[34+KQE



MQHP@

DZ%_P (YI?A<[=4S?K<^=]I@#P?\\V7


M^.;^S#+XIU/Q9?MXST'_ (1Z2U\LZ1)]KCG^T[EE$W$1 7:H3[_7=QT-9OB+


WVU?[OG!A']YF7[K'[H/3GM7.:Q)I%_9:IXNUC_

MGW/Q[5X?\=]+F^-OQ!TOX;Z#-Y5VQE
W[O=D+'%./O
O_/
]&%=6#5*M%U)_


\/M&(5^




Y?\ UGSY
MJ+XG^+F^-=UK/CCQ1XI_X17X6:'Y7]CK_9RW7VLS!8;CF
+



V%O
^159




;H7DEIL^42KPZ*3G8?7&WMFO!/'UKX8^*UEXK

MC[#/*59KG_6[





(



MY'[
_2*QOI);=9+NV^QR2?\ +
ONZ5
L$+$NO6OC#2_VX+7X6^-M3\'^/[GS
M]6M4B

HZJ/[IKY

E-71TRT844451(4444 %%











M
O\ K7/7\.
5] _$3QM\'_&7Q%3P5K/[KQ#*1Y5YNNUSB!)2=B*$/R =36&)



MUA%M^&?BT[K.7*GRA:Q



M%=OH^G?8)M6%J'_?K+O\MF(ZL
8VG\ZZO0? ^K-):1ZQ_P S5YG]W_EW^C&M

]K.MW

M\
?$+5Y;#68?-U#0O+
'^LX
JL[?=8#^ =:XWP[IFJ_#OXQ:?X;@A\K3@)%^
MH^S



9U]:]C_9UUZTCT&YT:WF\Z6S6(!-FS.YY&ZUXC^T]H_@_Q%\9M


2


_\2GS=_7_ *;\

!ZW_P!%0_\

2CI_TWMZDS\2/^@1_Y'MZ\*_X8

M /M] 'ND5Y\2)%8?V1_Y'MZ6WC^(4DI
VD\#I^_MZ\3M?V$O$ELD@_X6ONW8


M[R_C#YF[&?\ BFX^




/F

M-O\ PMO_ 

N?\ B[@_





M_B+]LF



M 


_\+;_




MG[^W[_\ ZJO[?'WEX_X1[_R8MZ\.7]B7XA*K;/BX!]?#D?\ \?JM_P 
6?$C



MO^&*_B-_T5P?^$Y'_P#'Z /:VB\?-C_BG?\ R/;TWR?'X_YEW_R/;UXHW[%/


M[O\ TWMZ3R?'_P#T+O\ Y








MH]ZK?\


/[0$C


M 
?I_P#PS?\ M#_]%FM__;L_P#XN@#V?3]82
E_A7/(/\ L8(UQ7*ZE_:D

MS-\3[? QC_BF['^CT =;:ZOX@MVV?\*JDL%?_GIXAC;?C_#/ZUNQVNI7$/FR

MXNP


T*SEW^G\?&/ZTEO\ _V@^?
^)]O[?\ %-V?_P 7
$+]G^*%OS][_B




M?YS_ $J\O@/]IRWQL\4B3ZZ5IW'_ (_0!Z-=R3P1XA^%%Q.'^\O_  D&VN;O





9_I5;[1X+_Z)Y-_X/)/\:Y5;

-:1Y_XEWFY_PP5Q3O,_:T_P@














_M#]K3_H4?\ R?TJ

I?\ D]I5 'J

XD\)?3





=UX-AD


]-\[]J_?YG_)?-_





MCYON_PG7'XU/;V/PW;/_%.R?]M+ZXKS8ZQ^U7D?:/7^[_I^E?C5FWUC]J+



6P_P#*MI5 'I5Q
M:^!-$@M?


M+PE]A\G[)VQ_KY*\2N/B3^U$FT6_PP^]][_B;:9^'6H?^$Z_:K^__P *P_\


M^_F[?537E\/QB_:05I/^+8=
?\Q;3_\ XBAOCA^T7'D2?##Z?\3G3U_]DH ]
M8M_B?X-FO(/

M1DUG-+'\
/\ 5XS_ 




 )@_\ Q-^F/^6%Q3+B3P!)C_B;_P#DXKS




_$7@2YAM
MO+U?[N[/[BX]J\T3]H;X]+)F3X'7'M_Q4FG_ /Q%7S^T'\=;J+_DAUQ\O_4R
M:?W_ . 4 ;::]\.I5MX;OQ%]EE?(B_T2Z;=TSTX].OK736O@7P[J%L;BV\3^

MER(_%.OCPG:]!_Q+K&XY;IS$ZGA@O7/7ZT =7X^U;X;_  W6WU?7]8%[9VXD

OAG'AKX=0EI'F/DW._*D ;FV2C]

_)
0WRE.HXQ[U]4Q






].
MU[XE:;\

M:=KN;B/_0X_*\L!3_JPY;+2ITQT[]OMZ\\33?VWM-0:WWZ Q?^T;CS%7R1
M]V/C!8Y=Q]WTYK-_:3DUO5/@OJ-KX=M/[8GOMHC.538RSQ[O]:!GC?U]*PPV



7&F^

M&WW4EQ]TK!_&[M]YGZK7V.6\E1T*








N97%6G4U:=6!04444 %%%% !1110




LK1%+CR%7.X?WNG^?Q





MU:'U]J\J^



MW'DJI8_


M=_&KQW]DNM+5A=0?V;*N?.?9&
[B:<ZE&$91A%=7!J4NF_+J<


'9V#Q*8E5MFWJ0Q_\ 0Q7Q3\/Y_P!H#X=V, L)
M=^AV(5(5\BQ.-SMNY9BW5S7U!\%;CQ7KG@G4/$'B/_6NB%?W<:]'E5ON<?PB
MN&KE<\#BE4E9JY<:]L.9_PR'IEE:^*M98_\?4/DLGWNXGSTX_.H+[7Y-6LM

M5:7_ (\V





M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!K4E*U)0 4444 *M.IJTZ@ HHHH *
M*** &M24K4E K3J:M.H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH :U)2M24
M %%%% !1110 JTZFK3J &M24K4E !1110 4444 %%%% K3J:M.H :U)2M24
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 *M.IJTZ@ HHHH :U)2M24 %%%% K3J:M.H :U)2M24 %%%% K3J:M
M.H :U)2M24 %%%% K3J:M.H **** &M24K4E !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
MJTZFK3J BBB@!K4E*U)0 4444 %%%% !1110 JTZFK3J &M24K4E K3J:M
M.H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH :U)2M24 *M.IJTZ@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!K4E*
MU)0 JTZFK3J BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ IK+NIU% #-NVC;NI]% #57
M;3J** BBB@ HHHH :R[J3RZ?10 SRZ/+I]% #/+HV[:?10 RBGT4 
HI]%
M#-NZCRZ?10 SRZ/+I]% #/+H\NGT4 
\NCRZ?10 SRZ/+I]% #/+HV[:?10
MU:=110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% %*_BGDN+8PW'D!2VY=F[=QQ]*\5_: GU.S^&EP^G:;_ &M=+LPN5BP?












M$O%R_$K4[K^V=3GRLD@C\GROW8MS\N]U;*R-_#V]ZQIU:E:HL'C7:2WUNW?5
M:]K=/EY&$J?U=^S2V+D=A\8_$6CZ[XL\4W/]NO&8ET_PUY-K:\._ERC[1&P!
M^4K)\WT'WC67XMA3]GBWL-7M/ _F^*]6

ML+--[?=Y=6M/EKTT%S'8^ ]-UW2?BWX2NA'_ 

#9_-_J^.R]:]

M&7VEP7?B'P]MUZ10&;[=




M42#_ %L2CE4DZ






MV\R?:_M%PJ


DUFQN//\]1SO9@
MXVN/



/GVES]H\R/=UVHZXE@



M?FN7/DPJ FW9$O+]N.AKQ%? 



M8=




6GV.HB8_9$819.QFSU]*\3FQ^88IT\4_@M;Y_\ #%4_]V.0_9GL



7AO1KK4=?T'$D.
MTVC_ &K;U:17X52#U7K7A/QFU;4/VFO&4-A;)]EMK8YV;%;=NCC'4*#_ 
LN



9^RVZ[/WJ[_?DN?RKP74JU
U]J]&[;Z?

(^0!T7TSUKG_P!J






:$( B
M;47G=^KS5^=/_!7E6E_X5+$J%A(=6!VN%)^6T 4_*3M)(SCG''0F@#U+X
_L



M 'T?]@74KG5OV5/!M[?7D]_?74NH7
]Q=.TDTLCZE=
SR.WS
Q8MECR2
]Z

M.0



E@?I']I#_D
MWGXH_P#8K:I_Z224G[.'_)O/PM_[%?2__22.@#\R/$'[+?AC4OV\+GX/:7/=
MZ7X1FN1
NUQ+/%#]A%X]NC
1GC


MV%Y:^#=+FL[F^AMXM0O+FYDFFO3#Y@21P3L5B9)&/EJBY?A0  -CXN?!_P '



M4UY9^V9^SM%^T1\+)+&U5D\2Z2);[298HXM\DH3FV+OC:LN%7AE&X1LV0FT_
/+S5I=%T65IC:2::;IGCGCY$<B3K<%RCL_R


M@;@C32.40X#; 0

M


M0_%







M(V05 (!]\VJB-2FWRRH'R9!XQ@'/4]


M]AWUY



M/&VN:UXMMVU#3O?V65-)9=T-U+)YP43?,2\2F*1C$RD.S8)V QO[-_P5 ^#
M_@W1?!4'Q(M]&$?C'5-=M;*^U&*YE+3PTG&Q8BQCW!8H\%0K'RQDXR&Y_\
MX)



MWI6J02V-U;K

MKI'B?1;J73-+O+J[\Y9'CF=!:2R9*AU*E8MK!'1%C4 A!+[/;HT?_!0K:Y9I





*_AYXBFT_3]3NYK[1HS,SW=C<0[!/ 20QN
M(V$H0;R2RLZ29QOD_0K]D_\ :*TW]H_X7VVM*]G;^)+,WUO3+.8NMM/EMK

_&?[/QZLO&W@)YK#P9?7 BT^[+-=0%&O+87





6%
V2Z.D;&1(D3:W



P)8 

T ?GEX@^)GQ!_X)Z_

MO6/V#M4N=4_9+\!7-Y-
\ZPWD:23.\QCCCO9TCC!;YBJHJJJ]E50/NT ?7[
M%O[;5Q\+R#POXNGN;_X?74S
D41\Z71WDW

M)%W1A05

M%]);!5M)%'V-K61]K
T4GV52Q49#&-P&

C\!_BL5T6]T


J^%Y\*/O


MNZO-]FTO3+6:]NIA$SE(8T+NV%!)PH+;0

%X5)

M2ZXD[06QGG ')QS]!T[\=*_.7]F'1=(_;Q^(/Q'\3?%1]8U_3]*E@?1M#DU
M.1;/3$N))3LC,)CRRQVL[E;\[G5G(9?T50.
L'$I;Y03CJ

M%?FA\;OV._B3^S5X\?QS\!I-=N]+QS-::6YFUW!FBS:O'RUW 2%;#*Q(5A


M'

42



M^-_AVTT3QOH[:KIMO=_;4A2]FM]DRHZ;BT

M72

J



MS3]5-_!8B281L?-@@*(S?
@S(LB&6-P-VTU]VK^[5%1=R@JJJ@SMY (..XYY




[;@BC% 'UU\!]4O=6^!OP[U#


:_0[PW)I7_

CVKG[O
MT?38-'TNVL;.TBL;*VB6WM88UC2&-5JBHORJH & .!V H GN%$BA-OF%@?

Z+#N


L=3NF@@MYI
M8;N82!W8
(X[ERJ1+N8[+;CM=W /TEMN8V)&&)Y4G)7_9)]1]3U]*\M_:!

8V$JHK -\T29R01M^1D;#CE

5

M[V

-LGB'_!/7XR7WPEO/'?D_#_
M 


.Y(**PPNY@\8![3^P[^


%?[A1\
M/RBI]Q_L
_ _PA\'/AO?/X=\4:9XTUK4I8EUK6M'O5N;0RQH6CMX]I*@1I-G


C ZG
MFK$?W?\ /I3J /BK]O#X-VW@[PCXD^.'@[Q!K'@OQU:?9XM5OM+U*:'[?;O)
M:V_E/A\1[0L3 KP0A#*Q*




4O$LC*'7#A&4L
9(
MV;:KH#M

MHOM42G!6./(7RRG^L8D$FN6_X)WZ3KWQ2\-2?$7Q%\1_'&J7^DZW=::FC7^O

P^;J$]*]?_P@.8_V1O'ODMY)4Z?L5%P#MOK8_R&

M

J:-K6GPVC%B


\#&
XX_K[?I7Q)\&


U^
M7/[$?B37/V;_ -JS6_A?XDDM+:WUF5](OMSK DMY#N-K
C2Q!I5D7?'&OR;_




M9 $



28D3#.07^5V+;RQ\/^!=KXM_;;D\

B2O.K-]H;
[AB8U9F.0RJ!&/L

MX)V?$K5+W3A)?^'+I5MUU2VF?2]81@[1B14=6CN$VS,%#B12) \;'S0#VG
M]J*\^.G['=O:ZIX4^*&N:[X$U2X









RM
M T7E!S\SL(]_L6J_LA:[9VIN_#?QZ^)VG:U#-'+;7&L:T=4M8V5P2SVI6
2[
M@-I;![AP2C5/^:_A.U\-_LM:5?V\\\\^O:A=ZC=K*5V1S))]DV1A5&U=EK

MS8W2V%AJ]JLEM;ZK(%5.1)L*R2$^;$P5$D610B*WEB2[^WSX5\1Z3\-]1^)7
'4+*,Q2_:8KBY$<Q<%3OQ!&H8-N58QBOJ_P#;)\46
MWC3]A+7O$FEFX@LM9L-(U.TAN%R+'+=VLJ*P#





M]6_L:_M+ZG^TE\0/B[?B2:#PCI\VFC0M
N4A
UI&Z7R;WC')D,22;S^7OV

._'NK_[PE<)NTWPUX.=KZNXVC \X2[R0C%%=#*)P
A01HREOGC_@H'


4:J J(B\*H4# ' % 'QC\;/@C\8_@3X



D2F23M#^R#XHL=#L

K
7LW \Q&Q@1M(WW@&

MQN..F: /D?X$_M

3&N%55W$C;
M$P0!]AC8+


M5G+'/F21%\D\@@GDF@#PC]A_]MKQ_P#$3XU+X+\?ZM_PD-OK-M.=
NH].@@-


_PO\ #'C+38!%!JULEQ+;
7!@EY2:)2R)OV2ADW8 .-PXQD \
M@_;R_:.O?@#\

M\R_8=\9_&[]H33'\9^)_BHT?AS2M4&GS:+:Z-8_:;]TB61EDE\E1$I\V#!C!




?&:X^!WPNN-;L-/&M^)KVZM
M]+T/3560F[O9G.R
J@.0JK(^W(WB-D#*6!K\LOVDOV=6^!OA'X2ZFT8M9_$N

(/]6/+9VC&T@1A2 O!_W]L#QQ\)OBT/A9^
MT1%:PW$B#[%XQC@6WB?=*YCFF VQ^1( JK*J(8F7;*
^8T7W!YC[=V%\W.[R



;CXD?LC^#OB9X+@N+WQ%&EV=6T92TDF
MH117TJ(]ON&1*J*@


4;0Q)W?(?3OV(?VQ3^T)ITOA;Q. OCO2;;S9YH





M^:/QY^+O[2_P7^

MC


!BT8\M

)A:F_.BZ/IVI_8A)Y1N/)UYD
M\O?VSMZ]NO:OTM8!1C=NR<!OO9]1COT_#<?2@#Y_\:?M;:)\)/V=_/Q \51

[F90_F_A&P^/\ ^UMX


/!7[2/[-_@


M35M*N;+4+.+4-/N(GBN;6X0/%+&RD
CJ00RD'!4@YST-?F'^PKJ#_!O]LKQ;



M6PFW85K@2+(65LA1


U.VEL[
Y?MW?%[Q=\+-%\'Q^!?%E]I7BK6
M;J6UL=M]%COVU=@T  +NKF()OZ1JQE:0#&.1\2_LD_M2:=^S'X(^)=Z+7^U
M/%&JG3H]&TV0

?&-G
M\5?'.KV8M['6K9A]EL;-2Z+#:J$3RI
[_-81HZMYJ;=QD9P#J/@'X#^-5BFF
M:[\3_B=+J


M/J-P6BTS2HY L]]* 

M 
#_ &--1N/A%^W'K?PZT*ZD_P$9NKW5=$:VNVD9REF;AX9
MCM909E$+)D@_+-)C%=U_P5N*

MGC7_ (3'0[?PPVM:9.=+L[+[3NG@3S-D(!7;(9X\
3_JPW\5
\3?\%)O@UI_

F-@C

FE:GX/D5WM9

T^XMO#6INDD








MXH7YMXY;^UAT^VCNVMQYRQNUT7$;8^5'V1''?8#@=!^CD+
P)8 





/M \.7NK:E;V2:5JNH0VDYBMXV9)29)1D2&Y*<1J<1'ELY7RS]M+Q5:_
MM1?M0:;I?PVAF\57L.GQ:'%]F5?(NIXKB:226%]X_=*LA#2LRH5CD.XIAF /
MU@T^\L]8TV+4-/NH+W3[R!)8;BW8/#,C<B0$<,K ]1D$#KS7Q+^VI^V5XK^

M_!&VM[Z6XU&T\&^&TBEO+:%$ENH[2U =D5WVB1A&S!68KS@GK7PE\1/V7]3^
M*G[*NM_&K6XQ)\1]9G;Q=/


X*@C*D-M(R-W-8WQ6\-^(_%7

HWSG_P3-^+EUX^




NQI%@D1E#J


M1P/%=[A(BD3LPB$1$X&\EE* . ?1G[*_PT18_M-?#6?Q99Z3)HDD%_+I]S
G&?PSWQ7YW?MD?%+X^?LOZ[H36GQ8;7-&ULW#6F[0+'[7;^2X+1N%@
MV-M26+]X NX[_E0;0?T7_AKQ7]KSX'Q_'[X):KX=C5CK%JPU/2&1AN^V1 [%
M +HN71I(@7)53('P2JT '[(]UXJ\1_;2_%GBOXB+\0+KQ!:V]Y&UM96MO;6
M'R8D@4P(/

MVLZ=YSLT8MI/+6:*


MQPT_A65I(=



DLBD ]B_8M^--Y\

*FXCP0Q&-I9XGBD8H2FYV QC:/9]:MYKS3
MI[:WN+BRGG1HDN[54



M *G_ %F[
M=Q1OE8+CH2

M PNI



B5F\[E@L8^3A1FO6_AWX!^/?Q$^&_AOQ._[


M6#=(/(B=9M^Y0=_S956Q]P6K






MQX0-M4
\
N
D$UYM\4=

M)+


K
 %(#'@





1IN*JJEL*
X

M?2@#]







TC8P


M6?\ 1UMF4RN



MX*

2&WE!7!

M@8U*JQ]!^'O@'X\^.OASX7\21_M!QZ?_ &QI=KJB6_\ PA-BR6XFB23;OWKN

]J]
^%W[=7P



MI5O]NN




N?LM^%H?'WPB
MT/2OVK?V8-(DN#J2_96F\SSKF5H^9&&W&R3[O7//05ROB[[=^QMH]];VMY]
MO.J!-W[MDQL^;H=P_P7CMCI7MGPB\







M3@_*(.OX=ZX+PSX _8Y\5

MXU\3?\3O3;4VPTRT_?6WD[AY$O*
V61?OYQMXZFNK^$NH:!\0=.FO+/X=_8
MK/'^E?VPSY#





2F-/N0-_#

B_
5'=3
M7SIIGAI] ^


M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!FZU$]Q!Y4)Q

N




=8/G_WC&D/WN?O.

MO^^D3

\!_?(Q
M88=PW0?ZW'\-;GPE\

M=.



ML%IKF9-9A_UN?*46]N
SN
89I?\ 5H/?/%=!\






8_[O



MR.6HDL#3?K^9A_L?HVG_  ?T[QKXJN/(M;II

M6:IXJ^'$WFQ7?V=7_P!7Q^[6


/\ MF73_EGN7[LB
M=







LJ DK

M$7BC7/$.EVL






7BE
&
LS*Q5PZ$Q1DJP7!XOXD?\$_





MSDJ

)=*N9




[R9DWQJ?N_I@O[J
*-R
R#!(R_KWSDCYCW]N]?*
MOB#_ ()Y^#O$_CF3QCJ7CSQY/XHDNTO?[374;42I*A&KBU&P1[/D[0F%


YVDD$DL6 *W_!/K_DT7P)_P!Q







\




M? P+*S8U!0=_F+_R$+G(8]SD$-]#ZUU/B#]G;_A(?A+;^ I_B/XZDTE8YX;V
M]&HVTVH:M'+)YGE7-Q);LQ4#]V A3


KNV1N$W




MJ
P!S@\'!((]N?7M7E7A']FWPEX-^-WB;XJ:0;V'Q%KMJ;2]LRT26GS-[3*
MBQ!A([P*[$L0S/(22









P.YL_0?AG2;K0])BL[O5



W4


V^
NJPJ
D@X




M


M\]C_  $H\FX#:)&\MR0P?S?=;61I%W'G@?

=Z /C+X ?\ !.D?






9=6:A
M'3YWXD$;F2$
S=+T._TF32&AL(
MUB
$$D9BV1KM*J O '08'&* .2_9X^
UM\=OA%H/B])(([YX1#JEO#M1;2]7
M_71LN]V0;MK 
]6DE19G

.TGFF1(&SN8F(AXVC)
0W

M=0CLGA3S(/)/V9)I$M?EP
K]G6#:W.Y2K;FW9/QE^S7XIN?#W_!3#QM8PQP-
M;Z[K/B/3;EI3\PC$\MR-G^UOMDS_ +.ZOO'XJ?#?Q!XJ\ 6WAGP%XM/PM
(2

MU3Q#:SL8K*^




M@GGK/B?6_P!F'1AKX\Q+&ZGM-&N_.9GNK&(JJ%@9&(59//A53MVI$GR\;CF:

:&2X\UG:[2;
M?(BDO;
5=$4O$8

/Q;UO2KE4\VUU+Q.EQ&[*X


+;Z\\ZZU37(8K^.1=I.U(D6#8 =@4!BB(I15'!78\6?LD_&#QUX23PGJ_
M[1FJ3Z$L#6LD,?AV.*:XC$+18FE6X#SJP<;EE+!R,L3\IH \I_X)$]/BO_W

MLI*ESC%=1XG_ &(O%'Q@OH/^%L_&[7O%VEV\2?9]-TG38--B@N 6*R-'B2)B

MN_:;D1^8
[0^W/S&NT_X*V9Q\)NF
:KC&?6RQU]L?K7V-\$_@+X
^ .AW&D^

M9_&@:WJ=M9Q6Y;PE%!N@5S)LVQWYRS-SU&
=J /N*/[O\ GTKR[]H+XWVW


M_P!C;XM_#+9'H'[26J16D-L+.WM;W0_MEK!&
 +'!/=R(I4+U !P2
X)J;X=

A)5


 LD1

MS7#JK%=JLR8W;%SG:
 'T#XTTWP-X UF_P#BUKK0:;?6.D'39]:GN9 %LO
\
MSRP@)WLTA7:%4N6*JO)P=7X2_$:V^+7@'2_%MCINJ:5I^J(9K6VUB%8KCR=Q
M5'(5F&UU D4Y.4=3WKYH^+G[$OQ*^-]CIUCXV^/4VOZ=8RM-%9#PQ!:0^8R[


AAU^4]1[57BO[5W[/*_M
^ =+\*-KI\/BUU1-4-Q]A^U!PD4L9

=+O-+\0:39ZUI-P4
UCJ







*Y*EL


U:^!UFUOD
MC)0/*-K.<1;DD1<KY97&-3+^F'P6^)VG?&CX6^'O&^EQF&TUFV$QA8LWDR*
MY26(

6;Q3G1AHR70DNX
MS

M\IT5XW

K^T)H;/S6_P$5M@HV*V#]KO#



=7\G[:1X0MYUG

SE_:5F6*YC:!VMO!=E#*BN-I='2575AGAE8$9R.<


M=UDB=@6:)O*=F!8E&P1E'_=?H'^RAKOB/Q)^SSX#U'Q8C+KEQI4+R
TC2-+%


MSGD:5GPQW/)'



(Y[46VH^(;I2;BY.XNVP%R(49CG:N2=J;VD
M90U<3^U%\(_CI\<[+5?/A_4_ VE^ ;R6UFVW+7::HZQJCF.1Q&\7^N4'Y &



MUM

N&8XQD@<<YR02!CUZC
M//SY\89-$_:^_9M^(.A_#C7(-8ECN6LHY;6+,,U]:RQ7)B1YB2JY55$RL4'





4WAU\MEFX#J-TCMT6I6G[66H:3=64-Y\(]
E


M

X:]

M'U&Z^S3/-$UT;25KAT=P&(:5I






M\QR0$/F@'
_M

Q0O*TC

@^

MN7'^
MC7

MT8
7


MKO\ VC)')?ZJT+BVN3'&J@N)HFD6/&V
;+N&-#_P %:C\WPI7^(#52R[@2

M;AY\)/;]X


^G7

5S\)-.ED
MC=4O;==2









/


M^M?-?[*/[*

/F37]W&OF?[.6YK]-I'50

MA'W(D'[C
:1L
@@YW$L26+

F:E;1WMK<+TEBE0.C


(IUED**4C:=









M]$^+5IXYM=&N8-#US3XK:ZU(GS(#J
8:/;)ERJ?Z.D&U0!OVG;DK+7ZJ5POQ

M'Q/U7P_\)_#D$TC26.@P_:Y]1G3RS$\P%PZM 7(!E4[ER\?
 #Q']A?P[J


MB X:1@
*
  8R#6=\#(/B=8Z#=6?Q/G\
:CJ4#1+;:GX:FG(N4\L!C-')&BH



%S&\3&16\X]


L2R[3NC60HF0

MKLKJ+:ZG+/+; )/'.1$CI^\@E$2RH=L1)D=CN+_+^@MU\-)OC%^P'H7A2T




7G+)\P&


$+1M('4QNDWR[U
MRTCM8_X2C]L%O%QTK_A#_AF=-:8*/$*RW36(CV!E8J)_M!8MMCQY6%(R2RC=
M0!Y7_P %7OB(R^'O O@JV:WG%U//J]W K

M#];_ ++_ 



G.?KKXC?\ 5#P9?GP0NB/XGW1?9U\0M
+

\L2
XO9&A+2RLPM_E39NS(=ZDK0!\)_WPYI/BO_@I-KNEZ]IECK.CW/BGQ


?$BR

^+^B?'+X=Z9XNT





M
G='D4$HTKNPX&!@8 &U0#F/VM/C=_PHGX&:QK]M
(=;O$.F:

MYME
_EM




?BWQ


M


MB2^8B9+PIQGYQ]_'KX)Z-\?OA;JG@O662!+HQSV]]%DKVL\; I






;S6(G15:&1A-+&L1CDF4?/]X?-%(NPT =#_P $S_8
M\._LOV.I]^U_P#0:I=:EY?E;/(VN+;;NW'?DVQ?/&-^W'RY/C/[9/_ D
M^!GTT#_T[SU]R#2V\^![71?&D6)&E6D&GZ=8WU]+:P1PQA8T0SB.5P!&N0
M=KG(7.





MOBWXQ_:-\



^'-2



]^NHR73VUJ+/4O- F\R15&V+[0V]

B(TT33
M,E=JQOY2K*&$ 4(MO?VG]KC]EFQ_:8\$VUH+QM+\4Z.)9-&OMQ\@-(%\R*
M50IPCB./YU^9&52

-G.?IGC.*KZUJ5MHMC-




(WC /J;P3XPT7




?!R

M6V6D?\2W2O!]YKDUK8[6EW0B5[)(O
9BP!%SN#'D^7WS7Z1^)[W7DT:.;PYI

M^SRM%(I#J\;*XZ
LBQL
@J=IW*RY!^4OAG\


Y6 /([-Y8
RGRV;]TTC9 /M2Z8B/&2$8;3CW_$'WXZX

662.W5
MMG.V:0C 8


M88!(R 
X'H50V_W21M*X&&4YSQSSW^M34 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 5KI=SQ'T)_E7@?[4RV



M[42X^*OA%?[PO?\ T0E85%&G5I./]_\ )%5J
L3&$*6ZW.\T'P)X2\42/:^*
M+3[4TF/LO[R1=O\ ?^XP_P!GKZ5Y!^VI^SKX8T?X:P7.@Z%YDD)/_+W(N-TD

('9AC&/0]:XGQ7XTT;QO:I




M_P!_C[A:O!?BIX/C^.W[2^G:9H\_]E7&AQR+XD)A$GFB:R5[7YBPVX
4G^JR

M+6-%^8RA1QCH#7E7PG\+W_PS^*W_  EFK7?_  @@MX\ZG%L6^_M'= R1'*?Z
MKR]X;Y1\V_G[HK9NOVDM6_:0^


.Z&.G]7?[KE7I\*_6YTTI1GAXM[GIWQ3^
P^&%[I=I\4]!$^G7OG+

3N
D2_
1UXSS7BE]\./AI)XH_X33PC\4CI
M[_E6'[[L/XO


/F7'R_

8.11T7]HGP)X=UO[!X6O/\ A)_%NLY9KG=-


C+N PC&($?J#][VKR
MWP3^V5XKLM:U7POK_A;/B_3/)ZC]NA&X21L^?+$14?NP.IKMP[KU&XTE[W6

%P


M_EV*[3L
O9@WWU]ZY


O*J]% Y#IZ5ZE7F'P&^%^F?_P]-9V?SWLJQBZE^;Y]I?R

9Z^U*6D9#OB\O'3WK2A7Q.#J.='<Y.58KW9['Q[XN

M[=Z^FPF

O













=/]D)7I9MA:N*P4

M@GQ4T&RU3]L;1DU$8O+=YW8?-QG3U8=..F*]%_;+^*.I_!_\(ZCH@_?:H;[
M[?\ ZO\ Y8B$)]Y2?XGZ5YW\$3#\7OB1JOCS5/\ 6PM$%^]_%\!^[M'_+
=
MC^%+*\-5PV'CC([/F];WL:YA6Y:R@?1'PCN1J?Q%\01R_*D8MEM9!M^7$3[N

M'1O[1TW5!*U]=_:C$+41F39\IC+/N.?NGC;SU%)\8-#\97OCF?5?A;
)'G=?

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH :U)2M24 *M.IJTZ@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** &M24K4E !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 *M.IJTZ@ HHHH :U)2M24 %%%% !1110 4
M444 *M.IJTZ@ HHHH :U)2M24 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 JTZFK3J &M24K4E !1110 JTZFK3J &M24K4E !1110 JTZFK3J
M &M24K4E !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 *M.IJTZ@
M!K4E*U)0 4444 %%%% K3J:M.H :U)2M24 %%%% K3J:M.H **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** &M24K4E K3J:M.H **** BBB@!K4E*U)0 4444 %%%%
M K3J:M.H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** *=XC?:K:0=$+9_*O#

Z8XZFL_Q5I:1_$S6]);K<KP_


C1EM-/\F%:
:UJC^(T

6\MUXVU99/N6I


M]!\[X9W(@_X1VY^W;

A



W_V99_8EBXDW+-^]1@QR


7

L






L?X6Y!^YC^*JT








W?M71'-DZ
XTOB;YK?A_P;]7J
M*KAZ5*7

2^1(/-MV?S-VZ)O

MRO:O'?AS^SW
MXP^.7Q$G^(/C'4?M-[9
KP:7Y



MM?[0N;H




MK4_8



/A^R_UIW;_^_P!Y@_K7GF@_\72^
M)7B+QI)_R[&W:V_X%'L;^$?W5KZ3^$[17.H3:C?_ 
(4#\$=?_9:QS?$XC**







M 
17VS;D6X

?_-
+CG_ *CFG_\
MQ%)_PO[]IC_HE]Q_X/-/_P#B*^X-SR?ZRVZ=*-H_Y]: /B2']H#]IGG_ (M5


M_P 11_PO[]IC_HET_P#X/-._^(K[=+._W[;/IS2?]NM 'Q(/V@?VF%Z?FXE
M_PX[IW'_CE'_#0G[3/_ $22X_\ ![IW_P 17VWMS_RZT;1_SZT ?$4G[07[

MGUH ^(/^&@?VF5Z?JXE_PXYI_'_CE'_#0G[3/_ $22X_\ ![I__P 17V_M

M_P#$5]JL@_Y]

M22X_\'NG?_$5]I*NW_ETQ3O^W6@#XJ;]H#]IGC_BTEQ_X/=/_P#B*;_PT!^T




M^I@T]MW_ (Y_G-+_ 
+^_:8_Z)'/_P#W3__ (BOM';M_P67F_TI/\ MUH
M^
X_CO\ M

M^7;%

?]
M$DN/_![IW_Q%?9\-OY)8_9
;O]O=4O\ VZT ?(6@_'W]H-EN?[3^%
\9^7RO
__$\L/PZI7UQ-;P3E?.B\LC[OO1]CCCP1
Z?









M%


_]$DN/_![I_\ \17V_MS_ 
NM&T?\^M 'Q)%^T)^T

TGE_\ 3G^M
M 'Q7_P -!?M

M3O\ MUH ^



MVEUD0-\)+C!_ZCNG?_$5U.@_&[X_WF?MGPIN(P
?\QRQYZ^B5]2W$/FE/]$S




0PVMY.TG


MLH!^T2TZH+7;@X.6& 21R/;_ #ZU/0 UJ2E:DH **** %6G4U:=0 UJ2E:DH



J.
JZ.O#*1T(XQ7X
MF?'S]DWQY^S='I4GB2*RN=



/2


BU]C'POHL?_+G 
^M)_P (WHG_







MWHG_ #YV]'_-Z)_SYV] 'R'#_P52^%T^



?_ *ZK+X:MVF\QK6
G_;H ^/X_

7%I =




MC%?5/_&:9_SZ1_]M*/^$,TS_GTMZ /E.3_@IY\(6QYLYC],_:.?_(%,_P'

M $H_^




M?EW[_%N
8Q_H-Q_\8JQ_P\B^#?\ T-O_ )(W'_QBOH#_ (5/X4AZ:2!GUGE/


M_P#0''_@1+_\70!X;_P\L^!7_0V_^2%Y_P#&*/\ AY9\O\ H;?_ 0O/_C%


Z./_  (D_P#BZ9_PI?P3
M_P! C_R8D_\ BZ /%)?^EGP*X_XJW_R1O/_ (Q4?_#RSX%?]#;_ .2-Y_\
M&*]Q3X*^FS_ 



9(F.B!I5)

MX=8@'ZU+5'2X;:)'
'5L;_UJ]0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11



I$/F*
MG/G18&6XKNR[DEFF%CUU.#
O]W/!_P!G7QUX+M]:\7ZQX2T'^SYM+^R+?O\

\+!PYZ5CP_
M]J309=;N?#^L1_=B\_=^*0I79_\ !
_RU\%^)'B^_)]F#?A+=+_2M34M'7Q1
$<_Z)E-__  &TGE'8_P!ZO1QN
M(CBN'W12M+;_ ,FB_P!#R:<WA,1)O9E7]K:YD\/_  7M=*F_UE\[F+_@-SQ

M&WZ:


;_Q
?6O
M

M8MM$\+V^G7VE;4NRPV_:]OW)


_P!IS]FOPW:^
-&\/^$#L\6^(C(;IM[-\UO'#)']^3:/DW?=




L=Q\3/A]9077




_B!HGB3




E


^8GE^?/
J#S' #991T!QCMFOF+QMKNHZEX
M\U3XG^)$_L+P4YA
&F?++R8%MF/F1_


-CP#P



M7VKZY9?V?XIT8H-4M_


MK0?@WX?\+?#B6X^.MV+_ %.^R(QLF@\G9

MBBBK*BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MGJ-];V2HUS)L3G^!FSV[?6OF3Q]^WW\/_ASXB_LZ_N\G@GY)E_@1NT)_O5]-


+<XZ_Z#<?\ QBG_ /#Q/X1_]#9_Y(W'_P 8KWK_


M_(%


4
M?\/&/@U_T-@_\ +S_P,5[O_ ,*E\*M_S1_W^D_QI/^%1^%/^@2/^_TG^-
M'A/_  \8^#1_YFP?^ %Y_P#&*7_AXM\&_P#H;!_X 7G_ 
8KW;_A4OA5?^82

5(O_  46
M^#;]/%N/I877]8*]S/PB\*2==)''_3:3_&E'PG\


:/\ A3_@W_H$C_O[)_C0!X?_ 
/)O@5%_P S

4G_#RSX%?]#;_ .2-Y_\ &*]OD^#?@R3&=(!_[;R#_P!F%
_X
M4OX+_P@./\ P(D_^+H \7A_X*4? J3/_%6]/^G\_\ C%2?\/)/@5_T-O\







D;S_XQ


MG^-


M .%3^%?^@2/^_P!+_C0!X?#_ 
%&O@E'GS_%N
_=_P! O/\ XQ4O_#Q[X%?]
M#=_Y(7G_ 


M(*?_ 

M_&2@#Q?7OVXOA!X1\@:IXS\W[1N\O_B6W2XVXSTB/]X5D_\ #Q3X%_\ 0W?^

DBXSC/\ $/051_X4OX+_ .@./_ B3_XN



8KV)_@GX.GQYFD=.F;B3_X
MNF?\*+\%?] @?^!$G_Q= 'D'_#R+X%+_ 




MM_\ )&\_^
4?\/)/@5_T-O\ Y(WG_P 8KV#_ (47X._Y::1]/W\G_P 72?\


?N/K6K_ 




MW+(I4[Y%\F
A=R@KY@^9BH(!^@W_  4 ^*U]8_LX^$O%O@;Q%J5A!JNL6EQ;


M6=^\DFI74S7%Y.+Z:*WADF(=U9I/+CWD$*&R1@$C\[M1^/$WB#]F'3/A5J
4

[Y



&EW)75?#K7;MI]\LB1
M

M;PK+$8\J.?\ 2Y

(9V9@H4;)!:$@8+9




M!S7Y0:AXD^+'_!1+XN76AV%_:Z=I4:R7T.BS:@R:;IMO?+64A59I9BTP0N$
M9CYW&R, )]@_\$R/'B^)_P!G5]!EN;?S_#NI7%K&87#71@E_?K+,N20S2RW

M2UO*2N(V)5X]K$ V/M'QO_85^*UKX





M*GF(P# 


MH_




O?#7



 'PY\2/B9\:?%'[2GC#P;X)




_X'^)?AAX+\7^(_%&FWF@WOB2[MT@TG4;


M7_%QO?B%X(\

_X)8^!O[6^+



MW9X KY.T'_@I[\(-:U^WL+VT\2^'K696']H7EE$UM$!N[S!+)(2NW 0D'K



M$#.#NQP2:_3/]HIMW[//Q3.-G_%*ZK\N
8_T27M_GI0!YA^P]^TU=_M&_#N]
MCU\VZ^+]$ECM[\V\;B.Z@D!
%SL(VH9 DJLJD@-$2 @=4'R3\$?C9XW\-_MS
+_ ,I!_V50?\ IWH _9-5=5VB

/[+:_\ Z?VUO^K:[M%UJGB&X\


MPWRZ=+*AL+^&V=B8G(!0;?*D !;;NVEV8


$C7D2;T?[R/M=U++SM9AW-?*G[$NOZC/^R[^T]H4UX+C2K'09KRV





I;RY5CDVYG;AN:_'O








_ D\UCXH*QC5=7
M7

MR:9?76J_VC8NLT*
N^


MQ^'[S4$CQM'G01FXB8CLPEC5OPH P_V1?VF+3]ISX8MK-S;1:7XBL)!9ZMI\


:<VFBT^W-!L#2Q/



=4\


3



(GFFGM[

#OTXH \9_8=_:6N?VC/AO=GQ ($\6Z#/#;Z



[$Q'(K[N4&/


?B:;3VT;5





AN(M(\
6EX(-['8CF.V.-QC?;N*

$BON_%;_N$


^$*QQNTDF!)MW98CVO]AG]N;7]?\86





M^

MQ/MWZ=*_*W_@E-\W[07B!QMP?MR!@$'[59'H!Z$#@D9!Z=*_5@?=_$_P Z

)EO)_LX
M'.X^G2O._BM\']#^*]LEOJ=QM4!P!^\_BQG[CKZ=\T :]E\4?#

MB3C_ 

=*U9)7LM4RL./





11
M_P +&\.?]!0_]^)/_B*^=)?^;WPD;'_ !([B+_N)7C9_P#(]1_\.V_A+_T


MJ'W_ '$G_P 12_\ P-$_P@H?\ OP__ 
17SI;_ /!.'X2VV[_B1W$N[_J)

M\_\ C] 'T/\ \+
\-_\ 05/_ 'XD_P#B*/\ A9GAO_H*G_OQ)_\ $5\\?\.X

M 





Z7EENS;&7K^[D;=C_@)]?UJ3_A97AO_H*G_OQ)_P#$
M5\R-_P $T_AC!_K=/GO]W3_2[I-OY3]_Z4W_ (=M_S_ *%^?_P/O/\ X_0!
M]2VOC[0[S=Y%_P;MQG

DSBZZ4[_A)]-_Y^







MU+:OC;_AV'\-S_R]W _[:73?SGI?^'8?PW_Y^[C_ 

MGIGO2?V]I_\ S]+7QNW_  2[^&]QC_2[CC_KX_\ C]-_X=9_#?\ Y_+C_P F
M/_C] 'V5_;5A)_R]+Q[T?VK8?\_2_G7QK_PZ[^&]O_R]W'/_ %\?_'Z/^'8?
MPW_Y^[C_ 



M 

MO^/C_P/TG_#L;P1_P _L_YW'_Q^@#[)-X.\OE_UI/MB_P#/R/RKXV;_ ()B
M^/^?V?_ 

W\YZ7_ (=?Z)_T-O\


MXKXI7_@F#HJ]/%9;Z6DR_P IZ7_AV%HW_0TM_P!^)_\ X_0!]J_:;EO^73_R








#7C@Y^\K

&V5+?D?(N(\_ZOKG
MYN17H^I?$+^ROBPIT-?[;\0]E_U.TFWW'_6?)RI;\J76([G1=)O=0TNP^T^+
M/B+L*1[U7RAIY4-U^3F+?TV=._;F(Y-/^$^@_P!G3_Z#\2).!\[/G]YQP=\?
M^JE7H:[)XAX^J]+W]U?K_D9^S^J:FJOQ.\?:7\?O#T?B;0/[$@U8S[G^UPS^



7]G+X1WEAH4=KJ
GV?2H5+2VFSS/M


^.7[57B


%;N/4]8VN)/+@
M\G_EYC7_ ):





Q:2+5U;]QP9%DG_N%O
MOC^\WX5A1Q%:





0K
^;O&G[


9$0!JTDOF2S+_=OE_[


M85*

MPO\ LU?#&ZLO -I_;VI7WE^;+Y\D6S%QGI
A_A_NB
MOK3XLQ^!KF9H_$[B'48P%0?O)#M.PM]S@?+ZUYM;&1R_.:L(P<$[:1?-;1;L
MXJ6%G4PT:GK^9\&?#^_^/WP3L+#0+&;S=!!D%I^XL8\?*S2<LQ8\OWKZK^%_
M_1^+/ NI7?B*7RKM?*/W(6R3*^?N\=A5G3/#_\ PCMY87\\OFZ/
LQ3Y-N



J?VFMO(V=.=.
MD?(NFR7UYX-\47-TGVM]'%N+%_EC\OS9'5^!UR%'Y5VW[1IO? /QH\%^*] U
MO[#87WVYK_\ T59
(EO'$O7GK+)TJY^R3X?LM/UK7+2YG^T1W7V=1#EOFVB5



M
))OCWK]X8QZD5HZY:7OB[5A\/\ 1=;V:


M3\71!F5=]U;[F;;_ 

WNM/UZ?/0TE\
3I_AZOC



7.\R6V0VS;+(JC<.&
M^4#I7HE?FZBH-Q7=_F?91V0JTZFK3JHH**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** *6J
M3I;1K+-*8H5X;;LY('H?7]:\/\ %'[77PB\&ZAY.H>)?)NUYV?9[KG*AOX8
MB/XJ]LU>::,1)'8?;E?.[]XJ[
?_ !BI_P#ANCX)_P#0\6__ ( WG_QBM#4?
MV4_AOJWE_:/_P!O\O.W_3KB+9G&?X^<X_2J7_#'?PN_Z$?_ 
JUQ_\ %T $


A?#*'_5^!
M^O7_ (FUQ_\ %T?\
D_#?_H1_P#RK7'_ 

MF?\ #='P3_Z'BW_\ ;S_ .
5)_PR%\

M 
JUQ_\ %T 1/^V]\&+G'E^+8[K;U\NQO/E_\@?YQ3/^&U/@[_T

MQBM*Q_9^%L._P#XHWRLX_YB5PV?_'ZM?\,D_W_ *%
?^!]Q_\ %T 8R?MP
M?!BTSYOBV.UW=/


U%_P 

71_P 


M_P 70!+_ 
-A?/_ *'J'_P67/\ \9H_X;^$?\ T/4/_@LN?_C-1?\ #&?P



MS^$/\'A+/K_Q-;C_ .+I?^&
_A+_ -C_P56X_^+H E_P&POA'_P!#U#_X
M++G_ .,T?\-A?/_ *'J'_P67/\ \9J+_AC/X2_]C_Y5;C_ .+H_P&
_A+

M&:9_PQ]\+K7_ (]_!GF[OO?\3:XX]/XZ/^&2?AO_ -/_P5:X_^+H CN/VV



M#;WP8N?]5XNCN=O7R[\^7_R#_G%)_PVI\'?^AC_ /)\_\ C-7K+]D/X6Q[
M_P#BC?*SC_F)7#9_\?JU_P 
D_W_H4Q_P!]Q_\70!D?\-K?!A?];XNCM?3

2N%Q_

_X
M;4^#O_0Q?^2%Y_\ &*U+7]D?X7#=GP;Y73_F)7#9_P#'ZL?\

D_#?\ Z$?_ 
JUQ_\ %T )+^VQ
M\&9
<?\ D&H_^&U/@[_T
?\ Y(7G_P 9J_9?LD_#+Y_
\&^5
MTQ_Q
KAL_P#C]6?^&2?A;_T*8_\  ^X_^+H HV/[9/PANM_E^(_NXS_H%U_[

M[9XN2TV]=VG79W?G#_G-3_\ #87PC_Z'J'_P67/_ 
9J6]_8^^%-UL\SPEG;
MG'_$RN%_]GJK_P 


MT+?]D7X2P[FM_#G^]_IUQ^'\=3?\

_9O%T=SM^]
MLL;OCTZPT[_ALCX3?]#(/_ Y_\ C-1Q?LB_J3/VSPC]EQ]W_B97#;O7^/Z

M]/_ .5:X_\ BZ '_P##;WP4_PAW@_\ ;S_ .


.T_;8^#-OO\WQ;';;L8WV

M?\ T.]O_P -Y_\9IG_  R3\-_^A'_\JUQ_\71_PR3\-_\ H1__ K7'_Q=
M $T?[:GP=O,_9O%T=SM^]LL;OCTZPT[_ (;(^$W_ $,@_P# Y_^
U'%^R+\
M*I
H?\ P67/_P 9I)?V.OA#-CR__FXZ_\
M$RN%Q_X_4?\ PQG\)?\ H4?_ JW'_Q= $O_  V%\(_^AZA_\%ES_P#&:/\


M4?\ RJW'_P 71_PQG\)?^A1_\JMQ_P#%T 6(OVNOA)-DCQFDVW^[I]R
?^0A




M6L8+7[+;0DF/]]YF0S
#_$?]BZ?<73
M7DMI]AM9<2LB*QS*C'D(.F*[)O\ @H)\?I1M_P$Z(ST(T;3FZ<XYAP


M3O[;U]X2\
7L.JM%/'H.GK=$VL5IY$!:ZW;HAYGE2]DW_,YQB,'57^(7_!

[1@ @9_1

5/R.W45ZSJVFVF


Y%?6?P\_9
^%'PKNM2O?#?
M@^'3WU'3)-


DY/- 'XZ?M'?!NZ^ OQ?\0^#
MY8[@V%O
9]
&(8^4YM?&[]JKQO^TS


!7HQ(9F5#O;;N# D#D\+[=N1UQ0!^//[#OQD\3?[7O'^G^&=/77M9U?
M09)]
T(6SE;Z^MV212-B[\)!)?2;0R&48 RS+CW;X+_\%3I+O7'M_BIH5O8:



FW[51^(U1LXW$ =5..K'
M. #QDYZB@#\<O^?/_)WW@3Z7_\ Z07-?<?_  4ZMM&N/V:P^IWD]KJ$&MVD

HH _
/5M-M=8_;NO=


XGW
MA!*$R9.?NUV?Q4^#GA+XU:!;Z+XQTC^WM

':BX#2I



MJ\LII)#?EHPOD!


MCTO1+(16UK$ @R6/7DL2V2Y)9B26)))(!^77_!2;P#K7PX_:


M[2X-07QAXBTNXT:706BD L'FB:.262?9L=%4J5*?
QDC7$N8_L;XJ?WPI\
M7___/^
=M_$&DFXCN%M9MRE)5.%D5T(=-Q!*D95G4Y5F!^7[/_@EQ\)+
M.\MKFZUGQ;J-M%/&\]G-?0*[4$'RY-DL%8$@AC ,0K+G) /'?^5'PUU@

SX1
M^+/$FI:NMQKN@1WDS3#3]%N;:*TB)^\(T:W8H03M!PI;X4*J@&9:?\%1OA




Z?#$Z3;78LH









K$'Y6!YKZ;^%OPM\*_!_PR/#W@_18=#TOS6N

]_:

MQ7KT$-H+233)5:U27:;A)C(H3/E^=&3$7VL0P( 
B_5OQR^ /@K]H+0;?2/&


K&1?
9#\P&2.:_6K4/&BZMX
M/O/MW80_P!@7%@^F2Z;OE1FU=#&8E8V *VT;
=L=O&/@#^Q;X*_9P\87


W[)_
M[4ETNA6#M9:-JEOKNAQWT;_9WC++-#&
OOF2)U
1DWABT;@$

X)''!-=-^T'^QEX$_:



=Q)=2D_9OM4(

M]^S-XG@T^[EB\::]HTVF_P#.O%.2DLRM [BX$/E,B*S2JW!D55!$[5^M?C


_ES9 !B$$64 X\T-_$*\!\3^'[#Q5^W)JVB:K



 ^7YLKN! /B3_@HI^SUHWP7^(6E:

FI6J+;112QQ



M?_A#\:_&DFJZ_P#6TUFR6S0V=UJFFZLNG-(6&\0B1IHMY.(V('@J6 .W/.
M_%3X?_$+X(?$* ^


G)




M &CO&EGXE\1:MKMAJ5KI\=A$-+GACA\N-Y94;$L+JV&E8\@CID5[-I_@_1=)
M\'V?A6TL(?[ M[!-
_:N6\.AW<-OXAOX)=0BTB7?]ATV)H8WE,C@(&6&-<LR@-(PJ2R1G[

0-S
S 'Y[
M?\%4-\G[0/AY&C
__%
6L;;4)#-]KO







M_P 1QZ4W^T['^\/RKXX;_@F'\/./
N[CV_X^/_C]-_X=A_#?_G[N/_)C_P/
MT ?9:ZE W^H.?6E_M#VKXWC_ .8OP_7/D7EP/[V?M'_ 
?I_P#P['\#_P#/
M]-^=Q_\ 'Z /L==2C7[_ !Z4O]IV_K^E?&K?\$Q? ;??O+@^F/M'_P ?I/\



?_ !^@#[+74H&_U!SZTO\ :'M7QH/^

F?\.N_!/_07N/\ R8_^/T ?:+W CQFY'/M3/MB_
M\_(_*OC2/_@F!X)BSG4IY




MI ?8#:I:9P+H9'6C^TK7_GZKXBL_^5/@V.29I-7N/FQC_CX]_\ IZJU_P .
MK_!/_06N/RN/_DJM%L!]I_VAWW+H'UI/MB_\_(_*OC*#_@EWX(M=W_$RN)-
MW_7QQ_Y
&I?^'8W@C_G]G_.X_P#C]






@2?_'J





M09I=WIUGX[_G2?\ #N'_ *J$?_!5)_\ 'Z /MCS W_+U1N'_ #]5\51_\$[?

M_OS7QFG_  3YE;/E_$3Z_P#$I;^L]._X=[W/_11/_*3_ /;Z /LKR[G_ )^C



MT@:;SB

M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!


M'P.6





TOFW!V=L?[IKNM-\*_$73]/FT]++_A:7AN0 :3)FWTWR 
M^=RS%WW
3_K


M%/$XRIB:GPR2M\DE^9RXBE&KRX2&\?UU.P\4_ NW^.OBW7I=0F\JQD%NS^^!
MCLZG_EE[U\S?&7]C.W_9GM8_$_A6;S5C&)/]9QDQPC[TI_YZMT%?;5OH^K6V


MD475

M&#I5*-*$*FY[A\5M!UOX*^+]7MM0T.3Q5X

VYG3

'M] ^%4FDS
0#=2:^LF?E?)V





M==;[BY^V?

MLR( 

8_%/Q?N[?PI\4_#7]FZ3;.\^U12?:L[WD.V#:\







M*.#C'5AI\/EW%P_]_;^F?\:OU3L9O

MH$%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110






M







U_Q1K_BKP#;ZU]GLK06J^1Y'WM^


2?WCJWS8^YQWKUWX&_#@_!'Q1IUWI-J^G^!/%(D

MT6W9%Y$F9$WQG



M
%E]?GA.[ET]2IXVK6H1C




M_-_TSX?O7



MQHGW_P# F/\ XH&SGENOMU[*THGN?+\OS-L\J@[.W0UZ+7EW[-T-O;_?2(K
M./99JUP8C\W.;F5C][GJ37J-?E5&2G#F1]GVBBBM@BBB@ HHHH **** B

X5


M8$JAR0025QPV.Q[X_P#U=\'YY_:&_;#T+]GL7%MJ7A+Q3J#QPB.WU2RL!!IC
MW+QNR6WVF5@

MPN//




M6KD/B=\0(_AKX;.L-H/B#Q
XD$2:7X9T][V[E)ZD(I 4* 269@.-HRS(I .O
M6G5\S_LY_M=-^TEX^UBW\/\ @?5M-\%6=G));^*KQE:*XN%$&;=U1&1&_?
P


P4NN612OS#:64JS 'TXM.


.]=#0 4444 %%%



J)(4

MOCC\Z^:[?_@H%\']8\8^%O#/AW4M1\3W_B*_BTZ%[/3)(H+:21T11*\_EY!W



+E?
AB93(




MLP 4@
++/PU<:]IEOXBNK?S[?29KV
7LL7)$BPGYB/


M



GV6]\B2'S!'*\3#9(JN'1Q\RCVR*ZF@ HHJZ;;Y8R1E
MN-O5B.=O3O@T 3T5X]X^_:F^$7PS6XBU[Q_HZ7

G(*-;P!


MVX50.I/&* +ZTZO
_@O^T!X^.RZJ? _B'^W1I:P['V*YM_*\SS-A/GQJ2Q


M 'H]%06K;O

MNH8\W^$


3&F_:5&$(/4=*\QU?X._$

WR]?

P^_Z\=ZJ^
]:T:%7ZW*N_B6_W&=?$/**CU/4/C=\<]+\!*B1

^)^C_!







Q_9;G

M+ROT
[#=GUJF(P
M-:C&EH^67I_P=]/^ <=.GRN[/J3XH'3OB=J[^$_&?@[_ (1O6M08'1K_ /M'
MSOM.Q5:Y.R,JJ;8U7[YYW<=#7'7G[<S_  =U/PU?Z9_;=SIPW2OYGD;=V)/
PQ7BO


*&ZYZ

M^S:)





MWQ
F^(?[3


MMOEY?/0QHX;W%6.2O/BE\/O&FH:GX9^(/P^DTJ:^\LRZ;)K$TF-H

MNR3@BOI75_A7XV\$78M? +*WA'OH/DQ]0

-!^ ?P
MWU[Q#-'=_$BW.I&&1((X/.#72*Q(3]RNV JWX?WJA\/7A\9^-7\2^#?'Y;XV
MV^UI?#_]G
P(










M_HXW_&NZ


M?;\:REA)XVMRWO:VOK_7Y&G-[

Y7;G?@XZ_S_P#UT ? /_!6SQ-K&DZ'\/=+LM4O;/2M
M274S?6D

/F*WQ-\%HP;D#Q#9C/



M9M*
QM1
ZL=A+M#\V2T98%F+$U]S_ /]BKP7^SKXNO/$GAG5_$=Y?7FGG3&7


OC



DDF


ME;2F-Y'GMYT00Q#=)*$FS%(7S\JNRAO8?AW^SKX(@_9KT;X77ER?&O@HVR2/




3RD
MG9+
3?Z=<)/ X5BN%9


ME
J
K!H0?





^
O#_B*]6!IWM=(U:&
MZE2)2%9MJ

M''T-:W_!0620?LE^.C'N8M]@Q'YF
XOX-P).5Z9]/TX^=OV+OV.]%^+/PGTK

QH ]Y_X)]?\FB^!/^XA_PG&YKUKXC?%;PC\*]/


M^'=29?[7.E^&IO$2VKNMKO
JRWHM\G(4+YGEYYX3..U?(O[

&<
M((T9Y%8W#M(@,GEB=JU^G?POUC5?$'P[\




M\.?B+X;^*7A^/7OVM6&NZ9,J9N+42*DA0.8WQ]UPKKE#\RY&:\E^#?['_@

-(P4L0I/

+D7LAP5$@8*&
M; *GE_V









6Q\1



*1Y7SND6)7\I=N2$5E8 ;=XD(9F^;_

[$ 9W5Q4G[1/PIC8 _

8C,<Z+8QPX5MF\;U!5CR10![?!@J2K;AQSZ\=<]\

0K
MM^782[2


M#\
:KHUB^K6^I:7I4-N[FW5I&C)3:6610RX9B


6_L<:_J[?














M&63:

M$((/WBYW&.8NA*[]R)YFUY%


M[!+Y

MC7YO_%#4?$G[;O[7UQ\+O[2O-'^'?A*ZG^UQ0QHEP!;D1SW+)O\ G:2;]S&_


CKG.=JG !)P

8!#9


MQ7P5^WS\(['X$3^?C!\-$B\&:WI]\FE_9=&T^UCD;R[B83_(  Q DC=&4B


M!1;DSI\REBK$A\E7H ^FO^%S^ _[#_MO_A-/#G]C?:OLG]H?VU;_ &?[5M\S

XBN-8CU.%[.


A




M 
%0_BIXN^']A\.--\


46IVZ1=


M)!&#7F5K^S+\(]-L[2SB^&7A

M\


9R?E&6
M9]S



BDJS&4R%MN &W!54 +701


Z
M?XP_;4U3X;6&HZAX9T1O$.LZ29M
G8S1Z? +G?;AV+
?-AB


H9 VX-Q@CMBO08
%25;
7%RDBPQO))#

XW#/6OR:_;\^$/A3X&



@44 ?3G@WQ


R
M S@
JGH)$P7VKZM_P43^
Z7WQ:\)??5/$K6'P_(L;SQ(NEL/M67N6R)@ YS
M%BS*FPY9T?8Y6



M3Q_J.JF./5O%
$E[;RQRB

MJVFAV

I5N

DX;G=U4
MGG;T[9%.F.

N&NIH




M]A\5O VI^+6\

6&-O(Q7QY^T%\4-0_:'


MMAIWVS2]*DMX=ZV5Q9^:SQI




M8JS2H(T6


M?^@%IK6H?MK?ZU\-WMKIOB*73=(73+R^ 


+Y^!7BW[&?C[QG\
OC=J7[-OC2RM];T.ZFO[5[&^0F&U9(I96






M''O0!]E_LW_\F\_[_L5=*_])(J]&KY_\6?LMZ?\4OV7_WPM\4W/V'4-$TF
MQ@BU#31E+2]@M%A\V-0'3#.NUNKGE6VLOQ#_P3M^$/@[Q5\8_$T7C:TU
^


[40.SE


M9+FX#6\*(R!856


92)G(B=5!1 BN0IYD\T ^Q_@CXBU+Q9\&_ .M




PC

$:-=HC\=TG]@_P./B3XQZ;XS\=_%F%9
?


M

K[L)X'^VI

M4 _2/]FO/_#/?PR9H_+8^%]+R



BIC=(68K& ?:S5Y'^U;\6-9
M^!_P'\2^-= M[.YU32_LQBCU-Y(#YES%$=ZHZ,1B0]&ZX[9KX@_9F7Q[\ _
MVWK#X+77C;4-7\,VQNK9[(3.;.:-[.6^C=8I#B0_NF;R^0YD&]ADO[_ /\







TS



?QP^-WCCQ#I'A?QO










#YZ^+7[





MB1
 ?HM.K\[/VF/V:YOV0;%OC'\]2U'PK+9R+8ZGIKR1W-NMM-LB4IYY9G

MAX!^'OB?Q

(M3\6:M\7=5UO6;G7=2N$T99
MM2O)WEFFVI=*K,\F2V %P<].!P * /T(6G5^67[;&F_%']F_7]#UU^-WB[6

M0]8UI[37;S5_M$&@S7SZ?_PC-J?+
5U&I/[G'EAFB7=.NR
L9)?
\L _3ZBO
MRX_;PL?B9\ ?$UGK%E\8?&%W8^+=1U&[CTNUO+NVCTJ*-HG\I-MRV]0LVT$!

M


MRWR_X$T/XX?$K]H[Q!\+-!^
7BH_V'?74-[J\NNW

@!U
M_P#P2B3R_P!GKQ&-I4_\)1<;MW5F%I:*6ZGKCVZ5]I5\3?\ !*D,O[/.NYA
M-_PE
ZB



UM-
M*NYY88)D$HG<I)&@5V#0J2Q(B4

M#H^GS7*6\US]G%S

MNKB





MEJ?VKSUL$:.&


BC.3%N^T

_CK6+C7-4_:*UCP_?
MWRB6YT;P_:W


















O#+([ 2-$LD@B8J6R(CAL_*OQ=J/A_XS



;LR#][(28RTCJX&WS$=U)&






?C#XG_

%L+5T@AN8F3S8AE8(54E9%=V$0!\QL
P!^R

(


[AVR26 XW?=CB /MJBOSJ\4?'#Q?^Q'^TSIW@[Q!XUU3
MQK\



S'+








MH/V


M]*EH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@C?+NN[0^7OP6
M^;TXKPS]J*WN+SX23QVWB./07_=@R/:?:-W^DP]NV/ZU[S=;O
B Z9.?RKYO








O+3_E\O=O^UR%8_N?+]P









M.N_PX
&#RP%7[5Q!^Y?-L4^_R

,=5*3LO7XHG56]G1A&E_6IPTUW\9=(\VC?%WQW'I

MVCM88_\ EB&?_5?
/G5.M=?I%XVN?!_7?B-?:?\ \)C\0=?^S&[B\QK3[']G
MG





($V
N
1IN^:/



MO#;W&K:O'-JF#B%].L%Q\S8&5^7[NRO/[_\ :$U'QQ_;5_I^I?\ +Z'8^3]
MBF\O[7YZO@-\IB#+M9#]X\[O:N)NOASX6\VZ_$OQM\7_P#19MWE0_V'-']U
MC W
;



M\X]*O

+[.S/;_V09+_ /X026(_\@&
*--^[_SUG\[_

/D;V=QXD23Q_XRT]&%P([N;3\&0HB+A&OB


/&'Q ^
M








M\I'UI^SS'81_#'33I-QYVF

MW^R;VZW&XM?/:78%ED5!D\?=':O3:_
=;OF=V?7)W5PHHHH&%%%% !1110 4




M&3;);Z.UO






M%8S*94 /.(^0IRB_:%A^P3\!M)O[6]A^'D$IMI5E1+C4[R:(E2&!:)YBC XY
M4J0W0C!-=#X__9-^%'Q4O=-NO$?@Z._N-

L0,-V;) 'N:^KOC1\:OG@7PKX/U#7$M=9\%^
M3M] FG\Z)K+[-=V\


M0M6U]);*
1#8B+&L($8
9

MNF3)+::1:R-;0P-&C1QJHB9


WEJ
M
@X..OJ*[+_@JU\

L3HBK#.AFN(
LS$/YOF2CE=




ME6Y4@?HO@K*7P4!Y
$-#\*ZQ%KS^'X[M[R\LY
M$EM 9Q;[(XY%8AV A);;\HWJ


Q9F).: 
W_ (*!
J_LC^./
;RX]UAO

=(UG]EW1-L=6AO=9T2ZCU&Q8!9;0RW
M




M[?:VP4L0L:JJDM\Q&Z4R. 2 P#OG.^._[&/PT_:$UQ=:URVO-*\1
8O-U?1I




M?O'[H5@2&#'XS_X*(*WQD^-7PK^$_AJ2*?Q5$\XG0*KI:B\


UUJE^[^6TK2
MW#@D^88TD95(3?N(4'- 'FW[=FFVFC?L7^-M/L;6.QLK6/3H8+6WB$44
8U
MVV(B* J@+@8 XQCM5O\ X)_'_C$'X?@/Y9+7^&R!_P Q&Y&.?K1\9OV(_7[
M07BR37_%?B[QD)
+Y&DVVIP_8K ^7&C*2!_++^6C-C&YN3[:'P%_8Y\(_L
MV^(-1U3PMXA\3W0U.V^R7%AJ%W;O;R$
'23:D*?O$VN%8G@._K0!\K_\%9O$
M.G77B+X;:%!



2
L0Q&T;2N6








M?I7COQF_91^&?Q\U+^U?%FDS7&L_8?L-MJ=K?312PQ!F8%0&\ML


A






_AWP+X\TW5M
ACT[7KJ$*WFW0_=W-A+(DEO&FXB0
MXFD?<I.4A.2W4?H[I&FV^DZ5!I^GVD-A96LV]M:P1JL




IM]

?9LA0
M8?\ 5$[.Y8LQO+^P1X;N='L=!UCXD?$[7/]C]F'_/ZAXB5]/EBA=6CMVB6
M(84;$ *%6  VLIP: /+O^2]AK,?A'XC7TKW7_-3ZC:PV

:74:2?:
1



MR0
?VC9V=];/#?2W 0Q7<)!
M/S-$((/W057 =SR%)'Z'7EE.W[Q4@;N5[=1Z<?YS7@WQC_9!\!?&#Q)9^*K


WR'+AMK1Q
N&6O
M0_B3\+-!^
/A^3P]XJM)=0T625))K..[N+59F7)RXB=?

MP1_P3]\4V7CK]MCXH^)=


MU7






V!CB_C9^P_\
M


M94SC.*]-4

M6VH[;-MI^9

X=L'SP\\BX96 
BJL?E!Z_42J6
MKZ?9ZO8SZ??VEO?6=W$\$]K=1B2.:)EVR(RD$


B^F^)?$6




-9M8O;32+5[2#0([]X;!MQ<M(P0*ZN=ZY*.N?
M)C!R%((!X_\ \$H_^3=-?_[&FZ_])K6OH?\ :1PWP ^)2[_+)\,:IM.0,G[)
M*,<_6O+??[ WPO^'GQ8TSQSX<EU[2KFQF$UMIT.IN;2

&SDH9=
MKEF5@R'RSZ;^T5NC^ /Q

BB5_\ A&-4(VJ


M!8HSX
NX=.B^XT;21@1
8V9'P1&8U;'3+R
P!YQ_P5\0V.K?#SP=X#M)O[3
M\8ZCKT%[::'9J9;J6(1S0AU15YS)*$4$@L0Q4$HQ7T+PW\,[WX/_ /!/G7?
MNIS--J=IX




MZY*_SR1J7/F%I)8V/DNV(]F&V+$2GB'_  2
60-\6#*%$F-(&T'+(
7F%^@&


+[0%/DQB.%MK L
MI
98

M3(8F4B-MS

MD\B; EPQ=66-P4+ PK&H+L0N-H'OGQ'^%/A?XL^$Y/#WBW0X]:TEIHY_L\I:
M
K


MBMX!#(G!87

M5/NCZ_TKY0\??\$[O 7Q*\03:UX@\:?$*^F965$N];2[^S0[VD6%'F@DDV*6




M



-R

_X &?\ \$Y=2AOOV2_,$=Q#-/9S7T-
MS'',)&@E:\EE\M_1MDB,!_==:^0/@-_RE!U7_L:O$G_H%[7UIX _8+\(_K3

MJ#8:I:ZUI=GJ5A=PWFFW4





L:2VHZ]XFUF8SWWB#7[A;B^D5B4$BQI@


S.&Q]\YKYEU[_@FEX!\8
M:K+JNN^-_'FLZG




M//'N@BSN_?A_6M5OI[Y+I62=;G[7%!Y SAQ+N=N2%Q-E@2H; _X*G8;]H?

M:RF-69W\J(&V(1%$C[8U 49.T 
P(!]8Q_=_SZ4ZN/\ A;X%E^'?AEM'?Q3X

M/]OWX
:EJ
H:C;:1I=SJ.HW,-I964+RSW$SCRXX44M(SN2 ,!#DDX&!7Y_
M?LIZ'J?QR_;6\=?%U_MUSX5TFYNUTO7(U2*YD/^BVL#!XU=Q]D9CCAU*QLY


16UG;@B-!DDGDEBS$EV8Y+
Y)



XP0
?D.W3H)_X:9&S
I+ !CR5'.WCI

PC
L81RN

#E







M8II4FC62-W0DIY80_P 6X_

MJB50(9TSD1QX#$@8)% 'V=='Y%!Y!!PO(RV
CISV[?7M7YS_ +7'A&X_9A_:





MA!K
FIZIJUYEG9_9T:+S)?-1W(3:7,A &-JX%Y/
^'GQDE\.27<4MI&UQX:@OIHK=G5]DC--M9@8DW.%7<0W S@ 'B/_!5
MC0-4A^,7A#6GCZ==Z ME%=-
J26&ZD:101]UA]IAY[O[&OTN_X232'\
?

GBO$_P!K3]DJV_:FL?#(




/^Q7TG_P!)(J^+_P!LK_E(;\#/IH/_

_\



F

M/CYN_0_G7US\&?V=O#O[//@K4M!\!P^3J-YNE?5M8074L]QAO*:X9#&7CCR%


4?F*R+*&DY5B0VW! %?-%]






Y?%UEXCU#PKXGNF@BO#]


RRKP!M=2&&01BO-/\ @HW\.X=/_95L+;POH-GI&@:#KUO=
M/96

M+=*IVY.7W 'FN?\*_L7?M#:A#?'Q3^T3K.A
@C^






M[//&?[1MSTSUYY^O4UXOXB_X)9V \7?VGX.^(]_X3M[;[.UFATTW$T

MIF6XB/FM(K294)M
N$ 50!]






MNI ([7Y0K?

MD0A(H3+M#-M!DAE 4D?=.!C!

X_X1&*;;$2CE<2W![QH<X]J^I_BMX5\6^
/#D-EX.\=


MU_=:


%$WVAX_)=?











NS'W*@#F?B8= _X5]XF_X2L ^%QI=T

MPZI ]Q;SI(B26B(_R2P)C;N\P2NV4R

MT[[08_
$1EB:
/LRN[:6#8W*?EX(KY!\/_L^_M:_#_28O#?A7XN^%CX;TZ1[
M;36U&!3
MJ&(B1MUC*5P
((_


7?'(I89^9&&<J0/LC]F/]DNV_9[U+Q-KM





J^7&




)
M-@*D@./FW
^1M /S5^

M?

M&. BC;T*@'W3X)\%Z!X%TV33_#6AZ?X?TYI3



MPLIAPRD;))3)@

MF V\




M%O+.:..


YQ7M_@[P7H'@729=/\-:'I_A_3FF
S6FFV:6L1E*@
^U0





M-_\ !(D(O_V C%O^03G=)YA_P7T##=UP ![OK/XU?CQ#\1OAY#X+\(^+

MUQ-X
^-D%C#J$MO+?6EQX0BGANQ#YA2-\W/F*I$C@E)%;IA@: /L^BJ]FYD5

M(?\ IPN:[C]J'X1W?QU^!OBKP38ZC!IE[J5NAMYKI-T/FQ31S('QR%)BEAG
M:')VOC;7SK^S/^RK\?O@OX@M;:]^*5E:^(9H9)-$L_
U*.=4GW/ B7

_I7Q5\9?V$_&WQ]UR#
M6/&WQK6^AM&E%II]OX9$%G91.[
52+[6
  JI=B9&5%#
V%(^H?A=H?B[P[X

KMRNX




M.T&2*^:[M+766FCDTSY0


RXA\Y/+D93N54F*X.*^K?

GSDNJD+\C FM7]
MJC]BS1OVFM2T;7'U^;PWXBTV
6_]HB'[3!/:@M(L10NFUED=RLBG(!.X-E2H


(/V
M+?VCO$GQFNOB?'XV\$V7BU[T7<5U83WENL#/R41/]'(94AQ%6#;U#3?E@

[O%5TH^7=UM;7J.XQG/T


M$'X;^);/P_K5W/#/

M^U%XC^''Q%\)??P#!96?C3Q4D*1ZYJRO):VW

MNP*WQH_9_P!+\*_L[_%#5_&_Q$\6^+[Z;29KIWUC79;:QCO]I





:D

86@#J_^H7AW4-8_9QLKJS@\^WTG7K2[O6#9,$3)-;
MA]N06!DGC3:H)^?/16KR/]BG]DGPK\1OA'H_C[3O'_C/P]XGOUN;+4XONN1

L-SM6V



GZ(\DB)!=SSE;B
E1YCVSV\D*3%(
3R<@1J!M=B3Y@ 'SM_P

MLSL\





# / 484? ?
M['OP#T?5OVROB'=P:0H\
_#_ %6^%C!)Y;PP70N)(;2-T;D[42:12H&UX$.]



J4*#Z'T/HM]I





M'\6I?$?BOPU)JW@P'EDU%K?!^S*B\#YSF;;]




MR28_LMW_ *EBC9C9/OH



MX%MM4_L^_E


S^6N(]WWQ_%QR*\Q_X:B\*?$[0[K2/B%H'V?QK


MX@?%KQ1IWP]TW2_[#\/VB2)+X[WV\N0\9F4_9/ED7:RB'[YSG=QBLW7OB-\%
M_;/K4_P_P#M?BVXFQT[^V[I/M^-JR?O



FL_#WXE^)M$\6S[?$6J_9



MF5-8AA\L;Y)#P(B6SD=3V]Z^BO .M7/C?P+J6IW/AZ33&80_ZR^6;H[#M_N^

6OV?[


M


==&;:T*&S/[SC?&(F^

9;[H/6O3/A#=BS^+&H



M;7YWAZ:HT^1.]K_F?47OJ*M.IJTZND HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BH+AOFC&_9SG.0

M8_!'Q)%H?C+Q+_8VH2VJWB6_]GW

NXH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBJU[RL:8SO;&I/8G\#QD$\9&.] $[4E?.^H?M[? ?2;ZZLKGQ_
M;M+:S/#(]MIMY/Y7(.R5(3&RG! <':V
@XKZ$A.[DGY\ $=/7G';//Y4 2K
M3J:M.H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH :U)3+A68*%(#'@





;_P R9%#2
MHBVXD9C&K+N.
+O7)&:Z;X0_&#PC\:_#MYK?@S5?[:TVVO7L9KO[)-;9G549


22!5)CWQG&0&4X//S5T- !1110 4444

DD@ 9)Z4 7Z*

2K1K@1



;8R/I2B@#X


MZ?X1_&+PG\:_#EQK?@[6?[=TNWN6LY+L6\D(\U55F7#HIX#KV[T =Q1110 U




G\
M
=ZL44 ?F)^U;\!_C[^TI\0K#Q/_ 

?M2:EI'A+




M&]



X!)( !QSU(_.@


M

MJ5IU0VVI*MN''/KQUSWR,5-0 UJ2E:DH **** BBB@!5IU-6G4 %%%% #6





M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@




M=K@/'UDGQJ_:;@\)ZC )=$\.\-VP+BT24=I_P!:B]?I7I?[/?PMA^'7@72
M+2\F\VXM5D%Q\C+]Z64KU8_WCTKQ7QC\6-)^$'[51U;7V\O1/%/





M\8^@/A[;?#[4?%-]#X

R;4'RA^F??M7SW\.=%^.7

MJUKM1;Z:W.&CS\VA[?;^-I?$?CK0_!GB'6X_$.F^-_.:RA2R^S_9ELX?



M
'[S/T4=*YL-@X8BA
M43C&

MTR](MOW0.C-U[=_I?P[XAL/%VBBXTM@;9LC@



7%O<?O#M\W

M6#S:.*M&I4Y='H_AYNESY3%X646XQV.

M]FJQ2&]

RR_#W6(_AGX1TEE$VH
M2:;'JWFF67 &V11(NV99$YS]_(X45R_PSA\=^#?CL_BCXO:#Y&MZ]EM+?[7'
M^Z$
#1S?);L5;

MNW.P
I;YO4CI45X0Q57V/.K)+;;;WFO0*3E3H*)RS?%#XY^ _B1%H.J:E'K_
M (6F!-AK

2K]V7]V
1(_;O7S/^T]I]A\%?AGX
\-6&K[/$.C?;GTFS\ECN
M

MIGKSSG/IK**



M3-2WPH

M=LQ3B(.O&/NUL__]HCPO\3[,?WXC1^7?VX4C5/W@RSS9\N% !E8XU^^/O
M=Z]'UJ3Q)^S/I8\/7U@+[X=Q JNK2-=G21OW?SR\RR&/KVKS
NQ\L'BZBIS
MYIZ+EV_']/4Z:T74IJ3/&;'Q5X-^$?PK\.Z!XIU6/1I=?^U/XDO7@GN/M)@F
MWVORQ(Q3:'7[F =WS9 KWC0KV73?%UW\//'.K1ZEH&K$?V%(EDD63 C3W/*+
MO_UH7_6%3Z9!X^??B)^T5\*;^WM_#OBWP=)XB\'Z;O






MT4LC'[K#^XOWO\:VRW%4L=G-3%3?

M2_&W@G3IL_NYM^S_ +_.Q_\ 0:\^T-7\ VNH:*OW


3
9+*Z67XER<N93:+K8R=3#QBA?V8]4MVU+Q9<-'OFMS9[#\W&?-]/


X!/)BNMP:8-]\)E?ZY]JZ[]GCXE:_X*_9[M]6\7Z5]D
MNI$8Z7'Y\;_:










&M6=\J:I=6\JNC3

MX^TZ+PGJ-Q

*;



M#?B0ZB\EFT;3



$92 ?2;4E?'/PA_85\



M6.

MKZ=]I
\VGR-);N9+J:52C





BQ!]^%D=UD:0O0!^H5PS*489('\*C)


[N\3Y^1\1%=P#




M]?R0:3I36MZ+Z.Q0HDL
J%2R!+?
D
OELB[5=RO[M(QZU\8/C9X[^-GQ\N?@
M;\']5C\

2ZI;JD2A?EPBA5 '0 5[GXR_X)U?;Q=X9UT2

)9DK.QD+J4 ^:0+L.TK\V?\$W/MSX%_:



TC
MGN(8?L:1+<*7W^0TGV59-JR,=IC#'<!K?\ !*-/+_9Z\1#:5/\ PE%QNW=6



M;]B^Z\*_$WX9^
=1A@AOA9I'?
KSV]PR321E#%&%EA9$
;1$9()#&02X3[I7



@
M/]FO=4O8W, 5[A5*Q)N\UTCY,@AD8KT\@ ^V**_.SXX?\$Q=#T'X;ZOJ_P .
M-;UZ^\4Z?$UZFGZL8YEO(U!9X8UBMU<2L<,@_B==AP'+IT/[9G[07C#]G'X)
M^ OA_8ZU:_\ <:EHD=OKGB!KYYKBV6&*&*2=-X\QC.[2@7#D-^ZDQ\_S1@'

-V4U*TC9XXW59B69C^

X9 B$DY&[=@#_Z_X5^2WB[0_BQX?_;@M/ /@_X@
MZYK_ (ATN\/]@:IXHOOM LH;BQ26Y8K
LD8*P
^[Y

M?']HT\9P?$B+5-



M5!YS@_47C+]E[Q!\/?@KXGUZY^//Q.U?Q+HNC:A?QS6NO26]J\T44CQXA/F-


0031W&FZTNH2$[6C
-Q$3
M:P)9FS:REMP_B&W./F__@I#H?B'1?C^@U_Q$?%#7FG?:K!?L
5K]ALVO+KR

M I\D@0

7WA/Q+

L2R(!YB


M2;5H;&[CCO($DFO;B6\FA^RN7;:L4@CP6&Q@
MYXJUB_UV[LO$%S91S:C(9;J.(0PN8S)CS'*R22X+Y?&!G;M ^0OVGOA7XXTO

\ ^
_&GQ!^+OBKXA:=:


N 555C50#]%Z*_)#]
MH#5=&_9?^)&E:_\ L[_$2UCT/6;9A=Z5H.M+JL4
T.8SYT+F17C9)@T?F[SN
M







M#-]H+PM+:I=37


Q*W-T5C99(U+MM00-;IM&WF






MW;NK
+2T4MU/7'MTK[0K\M/V(OV:=1_:*^%6OVWB3QKK&E_#F+59(8O#^B7


M45^5'Q$^


H0AOF! 93R#V[\

0FFD5E6
M-T4



%O


(!'(#'Y:'




8D^S


1#;?ESM;*(


;J4LVU^#O&_VS]H3]J_5_V9?@OX)\




M$T9?+\BX:

J:C]EN5BE6&1?FA_?;%38R_)YC.7W$5_V





^;&2
M
?O$(8#!H \0\!?MMZSXT_:XN_A1'X:L;#1(;G5-+%R;LRW8NK8W#^?@8&UQ

M#OQ*T?4-7U*^OW#&T$GVIH+A( \4I*'[0VP2)D*-V=R\_:OQ)^/GCC]D_P#9

41$D@
A!
MDZLNW(P%KAOV4/VJ/%5O\=M9^!OCO49/&$UE?WVFZ1XB\I8IU%GYBGSUS\Z/

M')&0Z

X.<G(X(!XR!S
MR#7Z*4 0W9;RAMQRZYW'&!G)/X8K\N_CI\)?#?P@_;\^%-CX6LY--TW5]5T7
6'#!F$8WLVUMJ


6G5\L_LJ_'3QS^T-^S;JFN62Z39^/=)OY-)CO]



(_


M86!(_+#J%).Q


M:R65M'<01/<VEQ!&90\DZ



F

%_%%@VIZ#?[!=6JRRQ&0)(DB@O&R
ML!O120
X]

MN[8J@D*


MDLMU/M&=@6(I]Y3NE3;O;;&P!^KJ?=_$_P ZBNF9=I4;O5=V
]/7C_/O7P3\


MBZ/Q%#H-A?(\




MMIJ
EFMQJM_#L*%X^OW74$M&T0C


 )?+(;(RSN$ /0/VKOVXK+]F3


M%=W5M:7

(2R;YHB%#Q/H



M'QU_P2*R6^*[


KY4DGV5HPWVI #&KR!)$D7A?WFP%!R
M?$_@3\9_B%^UUXH\0Z_H^I77PZ^%^FS2V=@VFBREU74+K]TRB87$4Z +%E\





MM-X/^#-MKGB[QG;^

M?]B']KK6_P!H#Q9\1-&\2W$$$D4C:OHEEY(66VL6E=9(I9$5%98BUMAF59&$
MC'YN2 #[/6G5\7_MJ_$+XL?#GQ1X2M_ 'Q!MK._\4WJZ/HWA%?#]N3O4A)+E



#% '8T45XK^U!^U-X


/
RJ-@X /:J*^

M22TQ59*\HTO]L+XA? 7X]VWPH^


;_-(T9\S-[@?1?[67QXC_ &=O@WJ'BF.WAO=9DE2PTBSN-_E7%Y(&
MVJQ4' +(_.T,$*[D+!A\K?L\_L=^&OVH/!.F?&#XFZ_KOB'Q#X@U&:^N;=9
MHHH'CBG,VTORLQ!6




Z?ZP;HP


\;PS%=P8$N

MK;FR/
0W[Q1DKQV]_SZ5^6'A?1_C5_P
M3Y^('BH:;X5;QGX+F6.\O[ZUTN9K.YLHG:03^=$;66-#.K;\HF_<5D41%@#
[;@)-B2=,HR%9
MB-Z DQX  .2 </\ ?\ :QM?BI^T5XR^%]EH$UI#X:%R9-6N+W!DEM[F.WD0


=KBXFV?
*[SPKXMN?@[X L;Y;*QN=/M%N-3OY JR$2RK<(]
MNR 0MB+LMPT;22A23R/C+]ICXI?L9_&/2_ WC[Q#%\4/ES9VMZEXUF+;48
M;;=+$61MP#R;HV)25Y2ZH@WQF1BH!^B-%5[-0%)7&?]GCDY'''!SZ]Z6ZQA
M2^1&H+
P/;&
'\S^7TH GHKY5^

$:EKVJV9EA


MCAT2^TF*WLKHKLPL:-*]O Y5% 98AEB^2HD=Z /K^?=N0*Y7GH._?'0]@:^-

M4&

MAXAE5?\ 1JO+?VHM



M1_K(W!;X&^!OPGLO@?\ \%*M+\$Z??/J%CIDETUO-*B+(L4VERSI&P7C*B7!


MQG++]]0#]2E_B^O]!45TVT)@X);C!Y_SC)_OA3XK:=^V=X%\)^*/&3?$+PC
M/9::L]_-I6AVT+/%;JS,W%F,F-,G$DA9E3 W,17K_[(O[2VJ_M(_G6=5G
MT_14\6Z/?2VCZ=;WDD





MM+$ !L'AB1G'('' _P#U]Z_/?QU^T9^T)X)_:F^'_@'Q=JOA_2K'5M0TR![7

_:*\








9



M=&O/M*7/]J1F94-QYH(1 4AM\P_?C\S+D!TK[1^ OC3]H37?&-[!\6O FA^&


L@6-+28@!92I*JP5E6WWL_SB$Y_




'.


MQ&2.$0LD4;;$8*8PW0H[(^* /N^BOS^_9E_;
^).G_')?A!\9M/3^V;O4FME
MO[YX;.:QE$+
D96*


M ?9%%06N

4R8V 96)[8Q@?D/S^M3T %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44



MX#PYKPHY?[&LN;?4ZZU:5&



M)T0?ZV4C[KR=J[

MD*Q[059F^Z![?E7R=\3M.O--_:#U+P#X)M_-U+6WC-VW]SR+9+A?]:

M+T[\8]



MNI(KYGC?[/GEI3Q RJ?E1.C#%?297F$U3C5E#VEK^]==][;JVQYN.IN4(LC_


M.2('$7EI'=PC[

N-9FU8N))/[5DCV



93J\
EWYGV8V\#/!_K-Q
M.69_N;?N\YXQXK^S[\#_  #XQ^



M
ZEJVMW.]M5\KR[?8O[DQ/
C?.&.[/R]0
8]Z]\K+T&2.:U\V%OW3 ;5V;=O

H**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *





MX@_:LLTTSQYXF_X1?4K/




M



MGCR\6+1I?)TPLPD_=V[9 R!]_G^ ]*^7?V6;9]2^)U_JFI7.Z73UCD=?(Q]Z


W

WV2YN/


#XN+KSVC\K




M_E'S9/
FVNN0RZ[\1KK5]*!D6YM;/1XK:Y;<#L*R





D9:-#D;:\__

M

PKN\

M*K\^TE6V?V@/V

\D8#!)

:%G;8@RV%!.%
.?&FEZ/X=^(_QPU3QEX'LY8I;S08-'CT^;5!F$26Z64R
MD%U#-O+
7=6-Q=1#

L;2&.*--[OM4%




JD

%D\,?TQC^[_G

RN'D8S1H&7]X-R

1R3QPO&H

-&U.-5F:VG

T91UD2
M1''0HZ(W(*\?


3)I]K6FQ<2VT<'E
MJ00S
T

MXN_:0OY[74?BP=
\'&XAO;70D\.PR?9)4@:)V6Y\Q)&#;I6Y/_+0#H%IG[.?

M

9-J; #USX=Z[IOAO\ 8]\+:UKUF=3T



M9\7^#_CUXX^%.J:[=WNC:!I]VKV+S-+;1W%M?1PL]N'QL5S)
Q(VA\Y*_*-G

;!L

%;+*O.W]Y)
PSN
M?]]\TC[01YC\._V1?B[\(_R^'/'[0DNDZ


L

N(RU
MQI<.F&]BM&+$

M*^6?CE\
_B)^PIJ'A1?#'Q5U*XTK6I9;V**TEFM(3=6[0^8);0221/N5H5#$
MNKY977&


MX^
)1/;1V.G:C=:=+'*S1GN8HW0I@;0 +60%F/!90 V3C2_9<_9:_


@D!#AG4@@J#7S
M!H?_  3+U?P7X@O-3\'_ !IU?PTTPDMDDM]




M/R\A7#\(&5369^U!^QGX7_::GL=8N-4U#0O$=G:+:6^H6\*W5LT(E\T1R6Y(



M&7
M&[VQL!ITL9T_[6EQ$LC2)QYL3+\TKAB6.0$QMP2?HSP!X4L_ ?@G0/#6FO/)
MIFBZ?;Z=:M='
IBBB5$

M[QW\=KK7;JQB



CR
J@
BQMPJNJCA!0!V?[1W_)O



MU^( +'XK2:SX5N)9)[_PT=!2.[D,3JKK(9G\E@VS.Q5+%%8L$7 !S_ /P5


M:6R7&F_V%!J$)$$$4*%_-FP_

M'UYJ#ZM#

M!GK^?K]:^;O!7[)-TWQ6L_B'\4O' ^*?B?2+.*ST:2XT:'38+7;)(XD:*)V6
M1U:1]CLN5RS?

/A7XB:QB.KW
FCR7
9\N
:A9R2)#'&[.H5)-\J*
%F=H@
9
M-?J1=*64[?O%2!NY7MU'IQ_G-?


-)L10
L 

%]9N8(X-3+6GVZ*Z9%2.*9/WL?E.%0*=N%;:IJP<M@ZE^P7



MY8+OVNZJR;R:YKXM?\$\O&?QLUR/6O&GQNFUS4K6V2TBD;PI! 1 &9PC.=$
M(W2N6(ZXX^Z  #[GD^X/\]J_.K_@DBW[SXJ#=LW?V4 WO_IN!_7\*^E_^%)?
M%?\ X4__ ,(G_P +RNO^$C^W_P#(T_\ /0?:O[/^S^3]FQYF[S?^6WVC?YN



M[_(JR-NQ]Y?U&MU3ED/# $ KM(&.



'


M!U#8FIZ(/#L437VR*98A]H





M6O&5A


<$9;G=U8CC=U[

9E8
M8XC5 $&_]_7Z!7


A6Q]\_
MLYX_X9Y^&6WI_P (UIO_ *21Y_7-?
_Q2_X)D:'XU:;5(/B)XJF\13S1FYU+
RZ6FJP(@U%8U;R72
M5)%+!L!UWHN4RNY68!ESN !\_?L[V%YJW_!
^73].MI;[4KOP[XA@M;2W0O+
M-*\]ZJ(@ )+$L !CDD#O7GO_  2T^
'ANR\&Z[\.9=3-EXCNM5FUFQM[I HG
86D;YW&6&S8!M(!V7_!1+5(K/\ 9'\6PRSP
MPW-Y+81VT3S!//E%Y%)Y<9[G9$[8'.U&/K7'?\$I]J_L]^(P)1,5\57EE.4
MXL[
#:?[N






MO
D'S=N2P!S_ /P2C_Y-UU__ +&JZ_\ 2:UH_PKG_)NF@?]C3:_P#I-=5O
M_LQ?L=^*OV:]8B-A\6)M;\)W


PL1=!MD4T;(5\R/ /G$Y+'..A


MS


M5?$#4O#FHPZEHZWLK)';RQNK2%Q-+/N#^7%PGEXV'.[(V_7
/&1M [DCH3WH
M BOE+1D8 5E*LV
X'^&
YY%?(?C[]C_X
_M2:YXLUOP]J&HZ!XAL=4O=
U2Z




OA?4;V2UGMK



23)+]H4AP8E8



WI/[17[(=K^
MT=X&\(6.O^*[Y/$_AZU


Q1LJ&

5Y=^U?XBT_6_P#@HI\(



MQON%\4RSQ3C4K7PT()5:%42-E\JY7:56)H!#+NSG!H ^Z[AMK XW_[.
Y_
M#_/6OQQ_9[^%7P[MOVJ-:^&?Q*3^WM


6
M&2-5R_[R6

M$KR-R[?E !!8%F\6_:4_8;\'_M$7J:ZURWA#Q?MBB_M:SB$JW&UU(%RF5:4A


M5DPV%C W*V59E/SWX3_8Q^.Y\5.OB;X^Z^OA6&5V632=;OY=0NXE=0(_*=A'


-_P#!*/\ Y-TU_P#[
M&FZ_])K6K/\ P5-L;BZ_9VTFYCM9;BUL?$5O<731H66*+[/<)N;L 6=%!/5F
M5?XJT/V=?V._''[.&I1KH?QC:^\+S7B7%_X?G\. VUQPP8HYN6:)V4KB1.K)
M'O611LKZ/\8^$M(^(GAS4M!UO3(=7TB_C$=Q:S8 F7(VMGJN PD4AP8PR\A
M30!\3_L7?LD_!;XP?LZ^'=

MLF&E8 $[Y%_-_J]T:R4 ?/?_!6YF8_@L &/]K$J.=O_'EQFOT/96;:
KMY

;ST*A8W<!0J_?;+/P% $_895_9$\!EEW#&H

M]Q\WL:^S_P!FKX#^*OV?O#P\-W/Q!B\4^$XHG%AIIT-+.6QD
AD8)
LS
P9G


K@D [2Q

0D:
-

M)



M/EQK-^2@V\*/](R1@=1R1D8P:X3]J3_@GMHGQ=U:_P#%'@B:#PWXRNYDDNK:
MYP=.O21-,Z-GCE88)=

MWQ#J=Y
&*'&R*01AUW


3O!WPLTCPQ



M%:(%4\S8JR!7CR
E 'SE\ _P!AO]GKXI:58^.M UGQ3XIT:0O'-HVIW\42


$DQJ\LC[ 3C.TC.!G.T8^/_ (=_L._M? ?Q!KEQ\.?B5X=TR\D$#O

M#EN[9!!]Q7Z)5\$? /\ 9%^//[
?C[N_?BCP7J?AN[O(VU#3M1FFA.H6T9
MD6
$K;.UNX61F!1R S+N$@4AON^T=V
BN6)7 W
A^ /BM^R'^T
M;\6OBMIGQ#U/Q3XTK7-)-M_9?\ 9TEVD%G]G<RQ_+):N7 DWN1(S#+$8VD*
M #] KAMK XW_ .SC.?P_SUK\R_\ @G?X/_X0']L3XC^%S=R7[:+HVHZ9]M\H

?B#S)5=O#DMPUI+#GY&
MSHK1G;\I7)'R[MPW[4^+_AA^R#^T9\(?BIJOQ#L/%7@\UW5ENO[2&J374E

 _AG^VSI]G<Z,WQ TS1[P=S!=Z[

M]KEMOM$L^Z9EC0G=*S$%ECC! ...F22?A7]@W7M-\5?MS?%S6M(N?MFEZE9Z

MM[&))#S'%! '98U15VPJRJ&+L&4 1U\U?LX_L6_&W]F_XA2^*-+OO 6K)=6[


MBO9+:2

M&1EO


FZ\(CX[?\%0-2N=

$R/WHR_!9@^93Z=^S=^SCH7[/N


M4371E


MYQDY_M&YQCGKZ5\6?MKZQ=#]OR/BK5=2\/^'[%M(6QU:T7[/):6)VO)/;R;
M3O9)GN663#_.I7C9S]Q_LA_OXB? _X=GP7XPF\



MNX(F=Q7(^2_AO\)/VT/ -W#X/T?Q#'I/ARVE-O!J6J7-C?VL:(-B^7YBRSI




M9_AK-I$]U'JWB?4Y?MNKZK&B@-
$*)F'F&- '*E\Y9Y&^7?M !\R?L;?\





M:_#_ /:._:(T6;1OB1J&B_CPI)O@U#3?#BXO\ 4XRT3-&9/.D1$9?
&_S




MW QP

MJ#M4LV!DDGSO1/#O[=6EW=IH
.J6\FFV\GV)=4N9=)FB
0(02EW3[0Z%09-S


?AZZ*!K'Q%-/OO8%VL
'4-%\-P3



M$C!%R?+7STN/DP/FW-_'6[\ _P!GG]JO]G+QI+H?A1O#UQX;FE::XFU*_$FC
M2RB!]IV[1=HV2$+1QJ6;:3NC09]P_:\_8QN/VC-+T;6;#6[/3OB3IME%9R7=
MPKQV%]&+.K1!I&A99)&D1DW-SL8NK( ?5URKR?*A*$@YD&
J.^.#SW'TK\
MROVBM'L+G_@IMX/'A[[9J^JR:CH=[K%OY6\64L;(7V#:/D2TBBF8Y; 
OS?P

B66G1OL=[6W#DR


?99$RZW





M



M/4+5$E0J2-K*JL%W-MSC)ZGZ4_X*1_#!O'W[/%SJUE:K-J_ABX&IQ21V/VB?

MZ^UI=-IS7$
CM%&B$)


MX

W#(KI-^RA\!

MP:_/\--7^$L$.HW/AS6FU2ZTV2Y6W

M_COX2?M)?L;:;+K/AWQ;=S^!=#/FQ7VG:F'LHDFE:+:]A

H2
M5P%'EEU#^UG\;M+U;P-XH\




_:]_
M9\^
_PT?WAO2KWP-IW@FWU&WU/3FO9+Y-1$B6S1L)J/$J[I) %/&W/.:





\O9-@2.4M;1
M;8E!;?N$Q;]UM

'_ #[8[4 +

M.X_#@_KTK\\?!/P)_:D_91=+'X:W7A_QUX2N-2N+IM*F


MM&B$1PSD*R8Y7)8 ^A_VS/@?X/\ B%\%/&.MZQHT+Z[HFBSZA9:Q$BPWD;6T




MW
?M1V/[,O@BUN8[0:EXHU<7:193;EMB8PIDE

MVGM+%+Y4BN\6&;RD5]B1MN#['5=I/M?[67[
'Q3_ &B_A9X)OK^Y\-'X@^'?




M





M)Y.




M[B
.DJL


=B.0K8P?%$^)W[:ZK%L^$G@X;5VAYKV/YN

(K[P+\)]:\5ZI97VGW7BJZADM8KH*D

M_P $C?O?%?ZZ1_.]K[2\26GB3QM\&]6M[2-/?C/5M DBBA%\3_9U[);D*//
MAPS*5MNY



MZ8KU[]B7X$WW[/OP

MYA!&R&26&/
LF^9XU6- -^)/G4J




_%7X[:1\4H?AC'I4^BS6




M(&9C2T22;9$;ED(Z



DZLBDR$O&%4_-7I7[
?BGXY?

BR;E:.//F)L!7- '%_
B?%2R_:&_:4T7_AO\ A#[7
MX-^%KW*:WJ5UKT&HW5W616MHEMS\N4:1F0D+(%F5 6#@'%_P#!)FPUR/PC
M\1KRY
W_  CLNHVL%B#-^X^T1QN;CRXMQVG:]ME\#?Q_=K[WKC_A+\
]#^#?
MP^T7P9X;CGCT728/+@^U3-)*[
S
[L3T+.S
0  Q 51@5V% 'G7[1W_ ;Y

M^DUU7T5^SE_R;W\

MA7Q+I]X+N0QA(I 7

M6.F6-PVM0:DNHA(O*=BD6?* 
:?*2W#GD8Y /EW]LG_E(9\#/IH'_IWGIW_!
M7


<C.VT@!0CRNS,\GRQJJ;
M@#Z&M,?,$R(EJJD=L9SS[$?E]:L5!:N'0E?NYX!!&.2


_O<=Z\\=3+)X-O8Y[3
[*_

?4'^(]L5X]^R


C\5? 'XD:MXWN+3/@1W1#_J^OD);'^^_^

J

M9[\]^QKMS6I;/
%A:

O3'O7QO\6/VC-;C^,$6I:/X(^W^(-'W@Q_VDJY,TA

M(





M_JO&SCDBN^A^+GA'4/[*L/B-_P 2?XCZ


]?1W@GQ0WC/0H-4-K]

MB\NUM2Q0?

:[A'^-5HKSSOE ^[5I9.*^?G4:7O/5GO0IJ



M

M?





M-%]K
TBW?^LE0R+ME+MRQSC' (KU7Q1\!]9UK7[*Z\=:K_PBWPRTYI$'AX0_

MP9D6?Y&4#A0X^?KO^7FJ/POTNR^)VJ7VK^-=4_X3#XD6S*$T'FR%J6\Q/OQ?


V)D&VX42)LE$R]3GZ!:U_AG\7O!GP0\$ZYI@E#ZW(8#(N
*;?5Y-]YMMG1?WG'^C_ #^WW<UZV4X6GF4:F'A&SAK?U%CF
M[W/0K/3O'GB3PAX4TKPGXBC\-+XF-T\]T^G6]W_Q[3,4X;!7.QEX(SO[XKUS
MP?X\TGQ%\;?#GA:UECU3Q5HJSK=:[&)(=WFVF]#Y7*?ZI/+^\?PKYI^?C[Q






3C_OT5_P#9ZV]M.6<5IU/M6M_X


M?]HC2_&

^^6

MQ_(




MU:=6PPHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** &M24K5D:]XDT




M56B$IV[ON2IY6P(C
96^V[=MR] #WQSSWY[\U+10 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% #6I*5JS]:UVTFQN+^^O(
M;QM89)I[F=]J11J

M073;?+&2

_#_@;38+_ 
2^(K#PQI\DXA6\U&[BMHGD*L1'
MOD.





M

P1$4LQ&X^D44 %%%% !1110 JTZFK3J &M24K4E !1110 JTZFK





M$_X



*3?ZW_ ):J7'50/X#T)IYE)Y#7E0H.]]6_Q)6%


-L7YN?\ 18\]










6:+RML2[N '+9



D9S/!LC?!6W79\TTI;_6
_0?TKQJT*F75_W\[22]Z/==-O
ZZ
GB
MZ:K=SS#XE_#;1OB5X.\2ZS!X;\[Q!J7V?^TU^ULFTQ
JP\;@O*(/NKVY[5T/
MB;Q!X_UK]F_PT_@?PG(LNGFZ\\QWT/\ RUNQL_UBC^\_0FOHNV^).@_VDMMX






#_ %YY6F68F,MU]GDXW
M1).O,PC8_-!)_%7W3XY\Z%XMTE[748?-ASD_O&7&/F[
/[M?-'Q0_9+NO#+
M07?PP)LM3D1Q(2%DR H3_EJ^T?*TGYU]KEF:4:DDIS:G9V;V]?D?.XK!ZL\A
M\$_L_PI:U^T)9^O$NIG4]#\-
X^S^7Y7G?:+)IOO(^1A@G\1Z]*ZOQ-XLN





O<-4^'WB;P=8K<^ KG?X2E(#0;(VQ\

\5^(WCZT^/@'PC!Y?V#
MP]EZ;^/]XWVEFD0Q_.JETVO
&^0\]^!7H?A[0KSX:^.M*AT77/[2^$VO2R^
M9I?V'9Y'D1''[]F
[;IVD;@#&?[IK@?^%Y?$V'6XY-0^&\GB[2K
@P1IK%K9

=0



@S_ .@UV/\ P3KMY9/!-Q8W




5&/
MTB^


AED=QYT8F;

M4M&\=Z=XIM]
F\76


D+(6&


\9X!X



MT7I:\I_:2^.VB?LZ_#6Y\6ZS;W%^^\VEA8V^0US=
CNB;\%8QMC=C(P. I #
M



MV9VE)K[S^_PMTKX*_#W3?!NAW%Y=Z5IIE\F;4IG8R2O
V\JJ@\R?W17YS_
M +%?C#]HKP[\+=6M?A5X




W ?=_$WU- &)\8/@[
ZBLA<O&KL(QS)Y*[RFP[6?84XQ^T8
M^]7Y2_ O;_P]!U#=G_D;?$F.O7RK[T[XS[=: /TR^&_P^\/_  L\*VWA?PQ8








RS



M;:1XN6(L[V.CV-F]V%6)F+^7+:Q@@
@&R


M#MO7'S 'V?17R_\  _\ :.U_]ISX%7VK^#8/#^F_$K3YH;:[M=9D8Z?YI9&


EPKY=KVUI99)$CB0GLID=-QP<*&.#C!^
?@W


M\-NLJ\7$4C1HHC;*QLW)QN/R+U'[5?[17[37P/U/PY;:KJOA/0$U&*XFM[KP

66H:7H.GV6K:G_ &SJEO;1



PE4+AU)D*?1/QH^)


WFEP:I;WWF-X[UJ****W&R+.GQ6T-NR/-D

MXR?&S]J_]E_7='U#Q?KVA^
= OM\0\C3HCI[R[9089&6*56@R*
@.(^&;9

ML2T.%;'#-N^;%?!7PK_:^_:;^)?Q$UKP/I$.FR:WJ+.A;5-)\E?#*JS23J



M6\9:^]P-)TJ


MWO'



MI]OXEM)!=^)/%TL
1R&*XLY)$*&2.0<Y'!VMN1BJ;E;:N/CC_@D:=TWQ<;#




M=B\


MB_ZYFD4HB!&975^(-3_9;^/
.O7?BC3/VD]2F\1)&WV:RN-($.G3.(]B));^





 !:
KN:2



MU?QEXT_X)]_M%:?X9A\3Z_K/PV@





AV(WD!Q'@J3@^!?

7BWQ4(%_MC64+V]FEQ
UM%Y8

IK?VU3-_PE27+VOD;6#8$)#;_ #-A


M
BVD6GZYK5T^/L\=NAAED$-





_#/]I'Q)I
&JZ[\:[/P9J%X
M&FN/#-CX5LK^'3]S;EA6=WW.53:#G(R3\SXW-YA\#_VN/'_@+XZ:G\%_CM/'



=K*




MI6@TGQO80+)J.BK






M\+KXP\(ZKHMUJVJ:(EY$ZM?:/?O:W5H20PDBG3!1E(! .5(R&#J2#^7'[)O@

MNZ#87 N+_P .Z'9).EO;[O


MXL^
EC\&OA')I\OB1O._MWQ-=6TES9:


]FZ
MRFSU&QN!E[2\5%:2(N !( '0AP


KP
MS^Q/XI^)_P /V_X73\5_'-[KFMRFZOM#TK5DCTZV#;9%@
122
E&5O\ 5A(Q


P60$R MB3[WD 'W
M-17SU\6OC=XUD^&.D^*?@5X5L_B/9:I:SWO]I^?A;58]C#-J626=W F78C+(
MKHN5;E3\M_#_ /X*1?%CQYI6M:=I'PZLO$OC(+!+8VOA^PNYX8+8.RW
]PJR
ML[??M@B*R@&5RSDJ%(!^E-%?_[-_PTU^T'XJ\!7D5Y\(SX]N])U&?3KS5&



SO/$+0Q_V##I=N
MZ6HE&[S3=%YV<_P;$CA\
N] P=0#]
J*^


M$.E^-K%6NI$T]9#9W-OYBJ7C+


MVQG P
G&X@'W';E_F5NB@#. 

M7
ZV]II]CLEN;HY&YDC9U&V
.K
S8 RHR690?
]!\1?M5^
M%M]=LM ^&_A2


M%?Q1\*KX0^(MNTWDI:EFM;MT221D .3%B%0XD+.DH#LI7
:LG[1'[9'C#]G7
M5I)=5^#5_-X:ENFL]/\ $-SKL



M[#H_LJ_MR:A\8/'U_P /B#X?AT3QD6F.G#3[.:**0PJQFM9XI69HI4\J1P7
M8*1\IV,J[P#[0HJUQABF3&P#*Q/;&


?C#X@V.G)J6IMJ4T=M9Z?&6@(4!Y(
M_/8I
%;7QSIO@+P*_AJ]E@O




N?O*1(N&)
M#*OLW[/_ (D\8^
/A)X=UWQ[HT7AWQ3J%N9[K2H8GB%L[&,&-W9T8Q[RN=
5%+^8OE$ ^I**^
/BK^T!^T-^SCING^

MK\_=._X*K66D^)AI7BKX7:IH
%K

Z% 1Q\
MI4=7^QY^VGXL_:1^




/BC^T7^T%^SG

U_-;3W1MXIHWBC*$.RA&J

M@
2%;P[PW^R7\2_$/Q8\/_%OQ5\6+[2_$#+:3ZGX=T[3G6&&U5TEDTE)$NBI
MAR-A(!W%2Y#LY8^

)A;DMN?SDT2YY


C#;C8







 DYYS@\\?ID\O\ %KXF:-\'/A_K/C3Q%).FBZ1!YLR6L1DE


\Y?A/\ ;H^)

8$
9M!). 5R_E(VT?
V!@T ?:]%






B)-0\7^*KN;[#
SF13#;1V_[R3)3(GR$/E/P08G?

M :U)2M24 %%%% !1110 JTZFK3J BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!K4E*U)0 JT
MZFK3J BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


M7J1SN?[OISVKJ+OXP-X^T6RNKW[X

:/N/QK[JL/&4/ACQ(F
M@:C<_9]9US(TY?+9MP@3S)N@(^[CKCK7GG[<VE1:U\-FT=RJWEX3Y;K#RMQ



M)MX;*3


M^I-E@K

M


:F*LQVG_LZ?#6Z76_%7@2_

M1NDD'\

C]N]=U
MX$_:D\=^*K6ZT35/ !_=^7OOO[2ME'+



MC*-X1LNVY]'R\N@4445J 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%

H3NV@Y?M%;4;FYMVA$%M]H5L[
MSYFW;TQ_7\JB9I9E BD^SR=U_P!9_P#JKE_BA\4O#GPPL;6_\3:PNCV+[R9&


MPIH8@

U<E^RC\.?B3\1/
ML&JZOK7]@^ ;P


EG*S$/F./(&Q_[F3U
M]:?^R7X#\+6.F7EAK6@G2-7\+(BSR_:I)O.
YF9.$9@N$V]SG=[5P?[2/AWQ



5[JO[U


MU],FKV3W_GP0K$S?N/+QQ/CZ_\ UJUOAWXFT[Q%\6/$ZZC=C9:?9Q'][H8

M.8P??CFKEKJ/@[7-0U/Q'X\U$6FC6/DF-B9  70K_P L2/XEAZ_ACFL
RKPQ

M^F*^;_VFM)\
_%#XB^-M
O\ QU]FFL?L3-I_]ER';OAB8?.O^YWKTW1_A7I'

O 5KXP\=


=)2J11^
M@'PL-LWA.V-F?
MLR!)=Q._$L@Z'IT_6NQKC/A/!;6?AUMK1?+@B,FV++'9
MF5SC)ZUV=?FL*CJIS?=_F?4TU:044459H%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% #6J&X/W0'\LEAAL@=P


!1D\'WH _
#XD:3;?L#_MI:

M'^T/M A0E8E)BBC3Y(MJ#Y ?D^8LVYB ?.'_  2D\+75U\5O&GB57A6PT_1D



-V_
M[)W[07[+?Q&OM4^=_;^)_#VH7;K-I[:$O;QR(RPWD4^Q

M(00#](3T_$5^=?[9/_*0SX&?30/_ $[SUZQX
US]K;QEXKT.#Q)X:\(^!/#-


THD

M

M/ZU\?Q_ WXB_M&?&SP[XQ^

M]KSQQX='Q8\('X;_  Z\.[KTZ-9Z_'J$VM7;MM +PL%C147[VQ759) C?OF













M


ML9I Z.9+Z6X=2LDI81KMY&X!5(%'R5\%?A?^TM\(?CMXB^*4WPAT[6KCQ!
OT%T*2]DTVV?4H8K;4&C4W$$$K31Q28&]$D94:10<@.47<
'
M:
X'Y1^!/?Q)\6?MP?%9/A7XCM?_B:QUG6KR2\OG/D26HU#RY(F3R91)DR




M&YAA\.1Z?;17MJJ.5KEYI3!,J[.BB[W_.O
J_*_&WFO@+_ 
I1-5 4 #Q1
MXC!V]



#J?RXSR


NOW\ U+5+J18I)-B6[@1A0LEN6!*LIY61_

;_%3X=^)OAU^W/\)+?Q9XXO_'VJZAJVCWW]H7\'
MD&!'U5QY16140,K, ACS
!1BOM/\ X*#?\FC^//\ N'_^G&VKX\\:?LF?


OH?[5C?$W

R-
TB2SX*D!#&I(88
M! /*?^4?_)NFO\ _8TW7_I-:T?\%7/^3=- _PQIM?_ $FNJQ_V)/ WQW^
M=G-X-U_X9VS^'-4U==1EUJ;7[6-[/= B3
R1&5IL^6@1%5/GY9U5R8_0?V_/
M@WXO^
WPET71/!&DKK.J6VO0WDL'VB$Q0K;7*YS*Z J'D0[=Q(W9 X! ![#
M^SC_ ,F^?##_ +%;2O\ TDBKT8MPHR PY('0Y&/\X_^OX=^R#)\2M+^&=AX


MV'EE9)1$@W)E
W;S0,RR&-?)*[Z\$_;T^/Q\#^![#Q5XR^,.K?$+4-8@
ML_[&FT];*P@E%M
$G6))F1

M\86.K75Y?B:2^CMDE2ZW



M!MI

M/]HCX%W-KX1U#X?Z/%X%OM9FO]3OKK4H7O(0T*1 *T4[J=HA3]V48L05+1A@

1D
PL9 %N1&B



KAN
M




GWNH:C=6]GIUG#)
M/<7,[.**-5W/([$\*H#9Z<5\ ?\$BU=6^*P=@W.E$;9/
'6^!RW=L@@^XKT
M7PWX!_:


B

MT;9#PLIAPP*LR\Y&

N
]NO
M]


-N*TOVPG
M$G_!0CX&







MY^..AV%KX,^)O@+3O#OAS0]&MK+2=8L;^*68OBP!98TGFWEU.X
!&J^6V0=

+/B-I6N_$3_A&

?.Y@#S/\ X**?#76]

-H1 SC
M



B%MI .X2!]Y4*&V_V\OV6_B)\4_B-X7\?



OQ4NX1X.L]6\#ZM=16&LR0ZQ



=4@2^^S%(;33O/6*2\N9&58HU9LX&3N9@&*HKL%;;M/R9^TA


2)JM]:[GDC

M4A


LKR2QL+@&+FX(=6)W[
MLC /0O^K?_ ;GH'_8U6W_

MJ@M)+E8#.BQ20E0[[4R/.W$



M[2?[-;_M4?O16U6%?GCS3[8SV

J41E##





@ * IVH=I4
 ZL3V'PM^!?B+Q+\:&^-/Q/%JGBB
6*_L]?\A=Q_X1;2A[<VD0Y]N:^=/V]OAS\:
M/CC:Z9X2\'^!+*^\+VEZNK_VS%K4 N9)EMY$$;13&
1;&DD'R^:&S&P92K(?



(Q/%;'?_M;[9\?[
M.VOL7]L#]EW3OVF_!=I:?:AI_B?2#)-I%S(Y$+
Y3S()E&?DD\M!YB@M&0K
M
 T;^*_ME?L__%'Q?^T1X!^)?P[T.Q\0+H=M;)Y-U=00E+BWNY+A1())(BRL

MIY'[Q?M
4'R&';^Z4
WR%=P)^ZOV3_CQ#^T1\'[+Q.T4%MJ\4S6.JVUL)/+A

W


M6+&2&);81^2LC&X4R#$2;BK*&8




W1:/^T1^V)KWB




^(OA**2.XMI(9'
MU!8FD'[Q;6%)8K@H7==RB(KD.ZA=SNP!^D-?.?\ P4*W?\

M

MD%JI?F


?.P1&?
?[U '.?\$Y?[+_ .&4_#7V#[']M^TWG]I?9MGF
M_:/M
FWSMO._R/L^-W.SR\?+MK2_X*#?\FB^/O3;8Y_\#[;UX_KZ5\\?!OPC
M\9_V$?$_B.PF\#ZG\1_AKJ6H11PS^'7:XGC;82+N&V5G=&*;DD5T +1Q+YQ5




SAYF



MM%-/9SV%S;32(&:W?[;#&70]5)21T)7DK(R]&-?.7P?\+_%?]@WXD^(;*3X=

(SLG;
4@7?)D+*P4LWIGQHF^*_[8V@Z

W5C7DW_!




 DD*
M1\]^?C;^T%^T=:^)M8^'.B^$_'@G[0UGH^H^*5NA?3J$,;3H8RT;%7!;)B
M\M6_=YE,;UTO_!0;X/\ B?XQ? -+'PO9QZUJ&D:K'JTEC2)KB%8IHW6-1Q(





[$G@RPM-/OKVSO1]HLXT;49!<R&#G<'

$7TK]'T81J


M?%SX:^-K7QQ=RBTLY-/T3RSK#*4(*Q2-&_G9DC#QQJPR05 $BJ #QO\ ;KTB
M\\



'GJ


M&T^GZ/K
)EDF)9E&08\ <B@#[
_9U_Y-[^%

MPVQ9!
(W_ZHJ6\;NAH _4F$98O\P+*



M(*

M


VZ-/F?^+DUP.K?\%#O OBB;6_!E
MG\







9I%C8Y)DVDM$B^;]0_$;PB?B!\-_%'A4W36



M!Z
P4'ZD]!W/7@=#TK\YM)^ WCW]BW]I=?&/A#PEJ?B_X9:A/-926OAVW\Z[


 \;?.IQE616'(KX9_P0^[_ (NN& R#I7*@ $?Z61QM!!P1
MD'CT[UZ_\1?VD/&_Q(\!ZWX4^'GPF^)FB^-M8M&M=/U+Q'HW]F6=L7XDF-R9
ME$+I'YAC.0?



=T


M?9$[8DBXSUZ]N@R..O..HZU\+_\ !1#6/$'Q.\.P?#SPY\-/'&L7NDZW;:B^


M7VQD'ZU\6_M=:;;V/_!1#X
SQ0PQ7%Y/H

2.?XCMC11UPJ+

M]X;?/DSCC!;/:N_^J?M+_\ F_ BZ?A(WA_P#LQ6Q.H'5&G^R_9XQ$) O

MCWE8_.$2



O#L,V@3V
M^@:3')H,,D&DR)8Q[K)E5#';-C]RI5$!8! 4=!7Y<_LC^+OB'X^_:@\?\
MB7X<VOAVPUG6+._U&XL_$TES+;6]O-?0RO$CVRAFD1GC7CCD]Z_2WX7_$QO







K

M%\
7G@GQ=X4U+PKHNF:=




175EW-O^O_V=?VL/&W[1&JV$\/P<
MO/#_ (+N(W\SQ5+K(EAC.R8+Y:F&,W!\R(1-Y3$H6Y.* /#O^MH&[X4HR(^

MH(7L/,VRYR_S/ESEV9W8\L37P9^WEJ7BW]H[5OT'A'X6_$2.V\/3ZE$UW?


M/YUR7Q@U#P?I7PYUN]\?#2SX2MH1/?\ ]L6RW-L41E90T3 ^8Q=4VH 69MH4

?\
+9Y/(N8H2D<

EFB0*ZL-N& .O\ ^NC.O\ PJ@H

8H ^0_V4/#NGZW_P %%/B[=WEN)[G2;KQ!

4TJ\_WZ]2_X*K


P(&T21[%^4LP


MZ%I&C_:U$_AF]GN&$RQY!BG*JXW0Q\;UPQ^;&T]I^VAX9M/!/[!_B'P_8&



MK










M7P)=V6A)X9UUUQEMR\)MS ;BVEGB ?*AL[@61LAE8;6D /FK_@GW_PO#_A



M4D6I7&F.\$S/&=K
UHELYB8
RH^.%9ONKG8 #SGX\_\ *4'2_P#L:O#?_HNR

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

M9LMVG M]N6X^U?NW?^'[FW8/KO\ :NBT_0=#M_C!?6_A731]L'EM-)]JD;_E

M\/O%/QDU+5M9U_PYHG_$GG


MU+4?C9^UI9^'[&/9X=\+EO
;]WR9[!7']T]81ZUZ]H=EH4'AO0_#&O6?VNZ\





N](TO0[?3KRT^U%O

MTZ]ORKR6U^(UC)!_8R^'_M$




M_P#4P1J.99!\ID[O
RW#X:C4QE#$2]]Q5M^Y.*C\)VWQ U+P;XVT2Q7]H#
MPI_8NI6JMYTOVZ23S-TBC_ET QC9#T)ZUQ4/C+]CGP+I\:V-UYMLQ^2+S]4&

#;?W4=M;G]Z[ 9:5



R_G70:U

M_)^]XFV_G6M&C%SYY;'-6K


(+O0](DT;<-1:X\B\\YH_*\M4=S@)ELJ/7
MM[UXI\_#?Q_\$^ 9[*WNO[4\


MML8J

O)TNQ'_ 

MN\3?/+Q(!(
2!OO'OQQBO0/#/P#T'P/\2-8\?^
^DA^&]E*SF
MST.W,AC<(I\[,S;N!\XPP_6OS_\ /AWPWXN\<^/+WP5=_:M B.GY^21=I
9



_Y[B3O^-=?


M/





M17\%V@BG^V6X










M




Z1F22X!4*%
J;L1T9(8E,?S2D_
M2UKCYB!@'&1QUQCKWX Z_P#ZIZ* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@!K4E*U)0 4444 -:D_AI6I/X: %6G4U:=0 JTZFK3J BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!K4E*U)0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 *M.IJ
MTZ@!K4E*U)0 4444 *M.IJTZ@ HHHH **** &M24K4E !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 JTZFK3J BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

&[[G/''YU

M'*[_ -JX7EOUVM?\=#@Q_P#!/G;P3H?@ZS\
^)]-^&VN_P!LP:HUF=5MO(F7
M_52M)%\\WW?^6OW/3GM7H'Q@_:*TCX9ZOI7@RT/]B7L^_P S[TN[:JS#YBC?



M=Q-J7_N?BU_PLJ:Y\SX;ZPVRYO_ \?93%#Y$8VL3*V^9]ORJN.^1TYWQ]X



M

N.BGU_2O&/#/


UQ


\.:7I7BK]N#Q!XFCMO\ 2-'
M*P$O(?


=_$SXO:9

MV
3_ -@_$R 2*\.R6XY/[@#]XT<'^JADZ+W]=M8O[/[6WC[X
MD:GX*T0?9?#_ (,\HQQ<R?:/M4+RO_K&WKAU?^(CYN,8Y[GX]?L[P7GQBT+6
MOEU_8VO?OU(\MI]X^SPJ?E9]@^5GZCO7G8NG_9
XX=WYX]NSU][[RZD)2A=


?F'9 G&%DAZGO]:^9X? _P &-%\7W&K^%_B?





M?]C'QEX=\5R7?VK1+KSO^$MOQ&$V
 T-E\N]V&9)_P#ECCI\W&*[?1?@5X.\




J8I?



9XB#4]CPW]DFW\

MP1R/4?C53XE:]9_!OPCK^A?$\_;? \9A:SL=\D.S+)(_[R%6E;
\D?5CC'H6
MK

M6/\ PDWCW5T^33?


MXK\*R?9O%5BC?Z1CS/M'F?(/W;OM&(R?^^J\G\9?'+P+X9M8=?\ BG8?VEXF
MC

M/6?=-$=F



M\H 9


MNO&7C:3PIX._MJU/V+

?F\SIZ567WCC*DX:1MZ?:7Z_?\S3%


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH :U)2M24 *M.IJTZ@!K4E*U)0 JTZFK3
MJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!K4E*U)0 UJ3^&E:D_AH /X:/X:/X:/X: #^&
MC^&C^&C^&@!5IU-6G4 *M.IJTZ@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!K4E*U)0 4444 -:D_AI6I/X: %6G
M4U:=0 4444 %%%% !1110 JTZFK3J BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!K4E*U)0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% K
M3J:M.H **** BBB@ HHHH :U)2M24 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% K3J:M.H
M **** BBB@!K4E*U)0 4444 *M.IJTZ@!K4E*U)0 4444 %%%% K3J:M.H
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** &M24K4




M!QM]Z[#XV?&[X=^)_ /D:Q-MU-2IBM=DR[9DR,B,#L/6N;!RG5E&Z?NW.R




M_P#A;GBC6+&YN?L]E:&



M5S7Q2\/0?&+P6FAZ)-YK)A']AYD;)_$/X4J



MUY5\






C!1(_@?KEAX


M(W7F\MY?S+
3B9




(?VS-:DT3Q#X9UW3/]


MZ^TW%TB-CRU7;M+X^ZQ!^5E_*OS#%0DY7ES+H=NHNG8WO@3\
++X;^%\0Q

MW^&GOGBFM1OH);E+48YY(E



M^7MEU_UJ+_SR;UI4\KK8B?M(O0PQ%=4E8^B/BOXXT;PAX3?6?$5S'IVB1+BY
M$B
2^YXT4AD#

^-7[)O\ PEGBF5+;2Y%^']1C9E+J+Z**Y^1=A^5XPOS
MKWX[U#_P@MU\*_BCH4OCW7O[-@9ISIFC_9#_ *03!^__ 'L3'9MWHW[P8;?@

^B27]S+Y;0R1WLD7&YU'$#'^_#56Z
M^'FN^
/&

M?/_  @R^.O$'B;2M)DTBVF:U72O,O99O,_=W2CGD?-C[_KQWKE_P!IS7D;

MX_A7!_&_PCX=\33'PIX^3[*I!2-OFZ[4E/$; ?W?O?AWKTL%B
++-
15G'FY

%T?W8-OMQ@[3S_ 

-)_XJ=(?

M?C7M0E*6*;B[)Q=C@CS1HI
]8T_PK_PNB[DMO&OB./5MS%=
ACM3;94[GF4O



-3^!&

MJ=V.M[&#XE7DG@/P;^Z\&V)']KZG@-]H
@
(?!%M?8T:S$!T




M

M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 45Y'^U9\5-8^?P+\1^--@LKG5-


Z'\.]/ATFW1[N^U*\2-#([
OAUXLU/2-
M'MKS5-
M)['P]IVVQO;6XN$#2Q272O
Q =XVVL$#1$*

M/7WSTH FHJ&X;;M/)Z_*/XN.F
\FOCC]L7]MKQ)^S;\5/#7AK1O#FFZUIUQ:

F'QYV



MHHH ***AN'* ' *X).3C\/Q.* )J*^+?B%^VSXF\(_MB:3\);?P_I-UX?FO-
M.TNYN)&E%Z\URD4AG5E;$8C$X)C*/N\H#S$\S

M0!+1110 4444 %%%% !1110 45%.I8 *=K'@

MAXM\7:9H-_J$D

E6!D; X#,10!Z114%JQ;=T XP

M'F&Z




M5(SFOG+X[_MS:]\&?VD=-^':_#Z:\T19;96N8R\UWJ
7D+OIUJ$ 9UG*LI+NF

M#+*OSJ.4.






WVB&81M\ZR8^

M6G4U:=0 4444 %%%% !1110 445D^*?$%AX1\/ZCKVJS?9=*TNVEO;NXV
YB

?'Y<$8

M*** BBH+I 0K%]F.,\=_?ZX/![4 3T5\[ZW^UQX8T']J*S^#%Y([J\@0G6

M4E !1110 4444 *M.IJTZ@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** &M24K4E !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% K3J:M.H **** 



=3?ZV_$XL





=8BWLVQOLWF0'#?./WF_P#U?_ N*\#ZU'#U
M)4GT_K]=#U:=&3IJ9PGP_P!*\
:WXZN?BKH\'V;2[


M^);^'[:W/_KM( 6SNP5_?:$F11_P M?EF4]?[W'&*XWQ/\1+_PAJE_J'PX



M



MSZ
^%.N:O?6

4L?W6_A

#X_E0?Z+:;-WSM]YC(=TLA^FWWKS'XF?M<WW@

M_$_Q;\6QOX*@V^3%'8K#O.YT;YK?Y_\ 6Q1=1].];XE8N$55KPM!O9V?W=?Z




M;ED=TJ:BM2/O4E06_5JGKH8H?%%%%(L**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#(\2PW

T


!A)T(^TA2M

;/[=X.\0L!K








MAZ$G=G/H



XS0

M.^.'^-
?ZMGKT.QU*;P[\);(:3)NO/$AF7'R\?9YR#U)[$] *X#]D+PI+\3/
MB'XJ\6WPSH*_96MP=HZI


1\

$^$=0U/X4_&CQ%X$FU'[!<N+<67[O=NVVQG
MD_B.,*R?G7U1I/BJVTKX@2^.I]<\WP_(W'[CH1&T'_H1J<=*6#JNE-XU$FO
MN-

AF^UBYMB^W(4;=I0_7=[5RGQL

MO]!#WO]HVY_ABP=K\COTKVCX)1&;Q5XH;49A=S68M







..=O4==X\_X*J^#
M-'ODM_/A#5/$D$<TL

MR@U#3[V)X+BSN( \




'? ,/Q%'P)U)? %U<8L]6O-<BCN)+=I-L,TELD#M$)1@AB2F'0AR&0GH_\
M@HO\+?%?Q8^ ^GZ?X1T6;7KVQUE-0N;.W*F4VZ6MP&**2[[F0!%RS;B 3B
MOG_P-_P4LN]/%QX-^,?@5M<6,RZ7JUS91)Y5$0CD2:SF C9RX(D&^)%64X0

TBLZNSL
MV]B23ZO-@LHW8.#QG'' )Z^_7MF@#SGX[?'WP1\ ?#




_#?P^WV?PO:2W4K6YAC#

%I'^T7#/M #O

MU1O&=C$+F);:
)

M/PUK:!+JWVE5D*@']XB2LT1R%92%W(FY=WR?\%&_@Y-XPT70;^U358-2EB
MB;65M?LUC9L\NP?:)+AXG10
2

WQA\6:1I/A
M339=8U2]?0I=26ZOD-S!.HVO C1LJ^?LSO1L1\H.
\C^W]X5LO''[;GPO\-:



J1!C&.G;GKS6C\ ?VR/ /[27B#4M \
V

H[*-K/%PQ#?O!A3@X]X@5A&2P SR
+MZY/(
M[-DG-?EA_P $J?\ DXKQ'_V*ES_Z66E '3?\%3/BIHWBS5?!7A/0O$\5_-IL
MU]-JVGV-QYMO:RCRDA




:A?W$<,,18X!=W*JH+,JCD9+ 5^?.D:7:Z3_P
M5P-O:P1V<+32W#K&IA$DDFAEY'V@ $O)(SDGJS-WK1_;NU*]\7_M=?!KX<ZO
M=2W?@V]FTNYN=!20I&TD][-;R2G9R3L 0-U42,5ZF@#UR;_@HEX!DT_5==L/
M!GCO5_^F7;6$WB6ST6



3(57W
M/& NX/B3.-I)'H7[
O[:'PEOOAS\
_!
_B5[?Q8+/3O#YTN;2[ABUTBI H#H


MQEC93E&)+1(C
%\MN?

?#_@B'QYXAUVRO;N^TVUU


!R )LG:&(GG- 'V]HNH6VK:?!?V=Q%=VEU&LT-Q X=)



\(Z


N;;R#Y$C;T*QR.HD9B$=




(/#5I=-!J6M:


@MZ/_ 
([HO\ PBO]@?V18_\ ._9
MOL7]F?9U^Q_9]NSR?*QM\O9QMQMQQTK\]_V%;!?!/[:GQ?\ &D/+IV@VD.I

MEIVB+;M81E%7RF@T][Z


M^6PA^[QF
WUZ]#C%7#]ZHK@?=(3S&&%P#W!SS]* /D_QU_P41\$_#+Q%)HO
MB?P/XZ\-ZG'N'EW^F6R!D#L@F3%R/

?&7@/7O%:



_A?;_#Z
M^$%W#!=QZU;:E)J$8:%MC-$ 5$3.2-W7SVQR&K]8?^6?X_TH _.K_@DNY4_%

H#AGS)/ ZI@@F'.05


$MUY0662*


M[%2V_P#2R[H _0+]H3]H+PY^SEX0L/$WB:SU2]L;S4(]-2+288Y9UF:-Y5&U



'@=VR!BOSI_8CTNST/]OWXSZ;IT$-MIMG:

MQ27;:3:QO';




KQ?VY.[_9QD'V)H ^5OV1?VWOA5^SO\&;#

YS[7I?_!2WP/XZ


?U.R-%!/\*+7@/[9/_*0SX&?
M30/_ $[ST ?7_PT[I\&J?LY_$^&]@CG1/#M_.GF0B0)+%;O)%*%(/*.B.I[
M,B]





R
M:;I5EI.EVMC8V<.FV-I$EO!:V\:Q0PHNU8T55P%@  #@8XZ5\G_ +3OPKT7
M]GW]C3XOVG@V\O-




TZT
MQ=



P01W


F5=NU?8W_!0S2[2]_9#\8RS
M6EO+/:2V4UI))&KM%
;N/=%D?*3')(FX8.QF'0F@#VBP^*WA?5/AN_QL-9


+M^\IDN)6#-SAP.BBO&?$7AW2_%G_  5@

M4(^%/PS\03:')+K7B'4+.\NK*_AT6Q/^@S0R;'1_/



M]0S



5




/RM]#T/RC_ 

M^O+J*W+W6O2&RN)PJB)X)))0KPR*[A7?)^T,0!M
M7Q1\&Z[\

_!WPXO+#Q)J4=M
VM^(M
M&E@NXH+&2:) 99$D^80A)G


$_ ,OQ5O=2F
MLI]4OI]?ATZ6*0FZ<,[7&]IF=I)6#?P^XH ^MK#]O+X?V_CR\*^,-%\6_#
M34+JWCG@F\7Z7]CADWR-%W!F= 6WYE=5C'EOEQQGZ):9OLXZQ@ G$9PR+G'

M2OCSE+RO




+'4$D\GS1;K Q7=
M(P#*CKE'*L%8X./$]+_X*A?#36=4M=/L/!_CJ^U[F6W@M=+MV:9WVX5%^T

VK^&XIKB14
PSM,LK*$VN[
M?9%0D%$S,!P%/9?MM:/KG[.?[4GA/X\Z&;B_LM0F@-[;X'E-+%$+::W:1D9

M
#S

M]@=C

HRDX[C]D[]G73OV;_ (7V^AI!9R^(KK%QK.I6D107
M

:^XYAG'&\=-

(\P1
MF

MOE#]O;PS:^-OVV/A?X9OY+F.QUC3M+L+@PA2^)=3GB9USE=V
E205&WD-G
M/??&/_!2KX*^&C9MIE[K'B@23.LATC2V'D8900QN&AY)9N4W@!&W8XS[C\'?

MX5+_ 

@Z);)=SW<\T*WQ^1*QC=I9GAC=1@
MO$H7^O?OC+^T4WQ(^%7B_PI%\/BM=S:KI<]O;?;_!-LMQL/D2EO
;!CD6
M-@5!.5!7D@#ZE\^

M RD$





M;POIGB+P]J


9Y22Q;(DP#M
M 8'I^N?MT? SP[K-S87?Q LIIX0@:33;:XO83E0XVS01-&XPZ_=8X.1U!K-N






8_/1&8;=T:X.XNP\#?%7X%?M)_&?P)XJT7Q)

\D9$YB261@D4N!F5URFXUXW_P4O^!G@7PC

#7 N1;QQFW*E_


ME^T'\._@G]D3QGXNL=&N;AU6.U*2SW3HS. ZP1!I0FZ-U







;&\O]8;5)-(M+NT

MVT]^Z/.ZO*\IR451@





C+N.UE89.*^1

NP1*J*JE8]BX(QU



MGI
QAU6_\

%+7

X./=UK

C(5L@@@\@U\-_%





M$_BUX&\9:A-I_AKQCH/B&_6-[B2VTG58+B58P5W2!(V8@;F'7NU=K I4$
=S
=M0N9\1LZN4 E=@%RB
MXQC.*]<MUPTAV;.<8P!GDG/'UH GHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH :U)2M24 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% K3J:M.H *
M*** BBB@!K4E*U)0 4444 *M.IJTZ@!K4E*U)0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 *M.IJTZ@!K4E*U)0 JTZFK3J BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@





M%7Z_O/\ 6._7G\



#_BA?Z5XFZ::\8U?K_RT





R::DF_RI7U&.3&V-R3A4YZ+



%


MPWMCG/K?Q@^'A[Q9\4=/O\ 4Q_8.HWXE:3]Y)Y@C@57X5PHPL?=1U[U\_B
M





MAL\6791WF_??)ME
G\

M^

#P

M*OK#


XB;S_
WCG/TQQ^=;



XPR\H0O[L=OFYKUK5
M_P!F&U^!-]X:\5?#O1]MWIYN?M\/VIY?.W@I'\TCX3:97;CKCVK%T7XB?CQ

!0ID^4*93F7
MCMUKR_XHWGC/]I3PUH

[M

M4\7AHN4KM=+[*^FJZVM^KZBE4]G)FIX@^%.N_#OP=)X[_9X\0IIF@WQ5=1L9
M++[3YC1S+!$1)=
63YS.?D SNYZ+76:%X



M!Z
J]FB?M$?[W?%<^'Q6)K9M4G'XX./-\D<M


WU[X7ZA;/_ 

M:5'[-D_G_P 

\_;$^*5E'H.I3M]W5O+=?^V30'_O4/V7_ !5:

WEOE3RS1




4


=
N3_P (CX;N]'5M3
$A\V*&[^U3R^7Y

MU916V;M4


R
J#B


M4-P0KJH91@^O- 'AW_!




MV&QN#M\XP)N=@6AMV0QDCRYBQ!4DKP_[+G_!273?AU\



1@L2
$=2: /
?@G

:;F!Q\JHS#.UNH'3OV_7?POX;TKPCHT&D:)I5GHFE6^[R;'3[=8
M((MS%FVHHC+%F..I8GO6K0!^47_  47_: \!?'I?AT/ 6O-KAT_^T/M*+87




M6[33.Q!
C2^62S9/7/K7=E5PFU I& O51@8'&  : /A+]F']LSP#X5_9WT


31;XU.3

A&]L%B

#'0U+^QK^V9

MPQH_AP7B1B?^R=.AM/-[RBOY:+NV^8V,YQO/3)H _+'4=^('_!.[X^7?B+
M3=N-9\'.YL;:\O!OAU;3Y6\Q8'N1&%2ZVX9L 



MFD*E5L&#JX!!%?5=8_BKPSI/C#2)-(US3+/6=,N2%DL=0@6:3!W LC @XV


MX9?$/P[J


X&0/3!/YC_LH_





4D?
*_3*$8SQL'3:!P.O.:SO$


U2RGLKJ&*0QF6*1KQ[U8%2REAN&.Q!Q7Y1

MOZ_XST;5C;7T^JVR0V=O&)'2:^CGCE9))$78\*B13G)5HP.IK]7FI* /R-_;

MO;E(_M75_P!OKX46/PC'C.RUN68WB7


Z0]]J2VDZ^6(-1EF


M2^-V@WFN^#-5.L:5;W1L9+C[-+!^^5$=EQ(BD\2+R 1Z&NXHH CF4
5#+E#P






MDN9!$DI#G =5PY3YAQE?O?K;10!\@_M$?MH?\_9]\3V^D^-+76=2\2Z-?:
M=865G#(URTDD;0[YHF4- H+A_P!X%+QHYC5\O-?^7_ 


]7\07=Y9V!LYCYR+:1
TGFA70']S

MQ$;23




MUKZ4HH ^/\ @EC\0?#O_MO$G@:/4O(\2?VK=:Q_9ZP2;DM/+LX?
#8VYW$


VG1:^?LH6
M\C4







MZWX-L)_)LI[Q-)MX\+%N59;F2.9Y9=F6RV))
ACAF.#]16/[27PSU3X;MX\M


55=_)PO

MUGCL]5M8[B$2@$+)L=2
2-=K
M:.N(+.:,&:4C:6(1XK8[D/LY;Y<LOU%X7^$/@7P5J#W_AGP;X?\.WK0- ]U
MI&DPVLKQ
0S+N11P2!U]*Z[YG&74$G[T?4 G QGU']: /B']G?\ X*2^#]:\









YD
L;R1 8;!E#!6*@5[IS,




2./QK[0:L;Q5X9TGQAI$FD:YI

M] .E/97
PEFC(MHF
JPB

M)7G+#B/D$\GW)S0!UW@SQIH/CK3Y;_P[KMAXAT^.4PF\TZYBN(_
 4LNZ
D




,[A9O -E!::A?6S1Y6&VFO76\D9T7S#NBME^503\OR$<Y^[M
M ^OP\\(:W;:MH7@3PUHVIP!O+O+#2;:X3(VD*Z* <\\U5^+'P+\_'QT


MJ\9:1-\




M[2^E^#O@!-J

M8O+
61BQ9RQ3<6)).2<\Y% 'G?PEGT7XS?LEV/@3



M/\-V7B&?XBZ.+*ZD

MOPW^Q5\#

M$4&M^-O#7]M:O;6BV:72WMU;CR0\CA=D4BC[\DAR02=W4]@#YR_X)6^*M
A^
86 <  G(Z@U]RPJR@AB&8<%

5/R.W4













H/F*EB/NDC'_ .EGB'4_O[4/@O
M6])F%GJ^F^';&]M;H(LBQ31W]R\9 92&4LH^7C@#/6OM+PC^Q3\%_ /B;2M?


6 #'DJ.=O'3-24 %%%% K3J:M.H **** BBB@!K4E*U)0
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% K3J:M.H **** &M24K4E !1110 JTZFK3
MJ &M24K4E !1110 JTZFK3J BBB@!K4E*U)0 4444 %%%% !1110 JTZFK3
MJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* 
W5(UDNK;


?K7IY32I2Q\'*

C

:;X'$RO^__ .?R)=O_ (]MKP?]J636
MOB1XET[POH$/FW

$-?\ &GBK6X_#_@*\62PADM%











;A( 


%8







DA2. IM9?+YEWR'
LK_=QTYSQ7BW





1

MHX

B[&7
M9S




A\9^'_!_



[YQO\ PKU_


M_!7P4_MG4H;5KYX/^$OBAW1#RT+9EMQWD3C/O0!]S-2549@I8/$=N?O9+ 98


;C1+B)YG?4K%2(FF=

LX!]-K3J\N^-_B+XB^&_#.FW'PV\

M1VP^Q;9/


M*)PC[TQ J2-Y;[@/- /=EZT ?=K4E8WA+Q!9^+-!T_6]-D
^F:E:PWMI.5*^
M;%*N]' (! *L


2P5R 0IKH?VA?VMO'?[.






M9MTHME.9@BO9F!.=V_RGVJ260A23]!_LK_M67[2OPZO/%-IHDV@RVVI3:;

M.: )UIU8'A_Q)IOBK18=6T35+'5-

LJ^8EQ RI$&\K;\T3


MGQ(\0V7B+X6^ M8M_ 



02WV_-&#)#N



M+(







$9/T#9MNWDYW9P3NR

M3VI?*'P]?V[VMU?6$&K?:]VZYM@YF#V^/EC)CFVN'?CRLHN3L^H+53&IXX

MXTZYDMR!*(Y8S&VW((SACVKY\^%/_!/3X6_'QO8^*K2?6=?U#3QFRM=?N(

M]U):V&O3:[ L5Q(B!RTB112F$'#-&'9695^ZI!5?I'X9^
%^(/P\\
^*%M6L



)G.[



M^-+7QUX^\0:G\3O'\-P)H-:UIFCM;+$DSJ+6T#%8E'G?*K
ZHZJ\8C(VCZ#M





MCL&)/XO


M95#$ '4+3J^.?@[_ 
%#-*^-GQZT?P'H/@V[L]*U82^1J^H7R)/'Y=J\Y#6R
MHP&[RSC]YR
-WP/LV^5,8 [GX!)[_Y- $U%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111



_$W]B7\

=L].O..HZU\O?M&?MQZ1^SOK=YHU[X%\2:CJR


M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444






C_ &3_ 







=V7=.


F6\GACQ1K%WJG@'Q_'
MX \7R1QFX:32IM5P @5/ED^09C#]#SYOM7 'XRZC\6/'?A+PEIGA'[+K1-R9




M?9#&Y63F.41R[T6

ME?8?[/7Q?\/^*?AOK2^&4^U:SI B^WQ_
-WG7$JIQ(H0?*K=*^0=8TG5]&U+


83CW^\5_*O:O#\<?B;X0WWB^NS)=$0DIQ\N
M+@JOW./NJO7TKQZ&'Q&#Q*G7CIS*VWD=56MSTX'.? 71] T7X2^)HXU\J6Y%


MW7]$EDL_ 'E641C#7'V^WY!*X.W:#V-?

M/
@FD?C S\H]37

M1)_VL=1TK1;W^S;^$1A6\AI?

?K7HW[0FO\ C_P?X%6:[UG[1:2$


M^B








1G)8_-7QG^*

MV^M 'F_[#?[07B'X/^



M2([DB+LC*RKY\+

MTWPOK9L+*VCCN9(RJP[#O




8'%_'G]GGPA^T?X7


X:-PS( %!')!
MP20B! #WUD!^1W*
/NYY+97)&
G.




M$LO$L




MUK3]

  ^A_%G_!1_X'^';/S[#6M2\2

R!EW12HC*&!)!VX.#@Y! BA^ _P]M?AG?_#VU\*:;8^$+V(6

M6I6ZVT\FT2/;:C'%'(Z#-($:0;P /WK;0JEA0!^A/COQEHOP_\ ]_X@\17












M?$=GX?T6[U+2]?O)9$MM*U:S999T2$S




MFKX7_9Q_:6UG]AV;4_AY\1OA_J
8F@+HDA$5Q$SVT85DD

MW-:V





_;0^&?Q]UF71- N;
MW2O$*-)Y6EZQL4URD81FDC979'&3MW[P(W9D  )XCQQ_P4C^#O@O7FTNS;


/
DD+ YQ7WCXY_9K\$^+O@4WPK

MU[P9KT&OZ8;B2 W4(9=DB



D!1D\_+0!]1_P#!0(%?V0O'

M]A

_$+2O%FF7TT



&?A




MK
=1MWFM+:WO3/&#.6EB6
111 C)4(I'&
#$TWX]?!G1?AW9_#3P7X/\1?&C

M/O[_ 


0[JC;3(Y9]K+\J-W/RC)KYG_98

5C4LIQD2IO!571@KHS [60'TH F

GS'$@.PI&$;)S@;6]P/S8\0?&

 9F8R
%(4'!4YQ6E_P2Y\



M2Z4\8O

^&='\.M
M=*GVK^R=/AM//9


MF@37I-.W611 2LBQH[3$/P%'D[LM\RJ

MG8W6O7L4&J0B:!9!J:1EFC;Y7&R1^&R =K#E5-?1G_!1[P=I'B']E_Q!K=_I


LB


S3LR;H_L[2'9A@N[:DB@#)R ?:^E_MT?#F/7HM#\7

M!2

G'8U\ ?M73:E^UYX?T'1/#GPA^)FD^


]L]3UYR.F
D@5^7?P


[_@E;




L5='5MI4UQG_!2[Q]K'@?]FN2




98C+$D1+!=SN











[75A\KOG^^^,7P+E^%]_\-/!
M_@_6OB=X7TV/^QKW0?!OAZZOX;=9'$[2L%5MTD3
LRRM([D2*S'
@\!_P



:J3C!R#7W!I_[
_PF




*WUS5M<M;Z9+::ZT_2ITBL,L%\R;SQ'(2<M\L0D?
-I. ?;_AC\9/!
M'QBT@ZGX




M&[CKBORECL]

M$!VK]6H_E;9UVJHSGZ]NW^?2@!+@XV\[!UW$\#IQBO)_B7^U+\*_@UK:Z3XM


M+

G@?X:J\?BSQCI&@7
5N;X6MU?11W$D(+#*0GY

M)'N9?(D?S_E4[=LF %VX'VQ_P4.\$^'[[]F_QGXFN-%TZ?Q-;PV-M::O/9QF

V: QW5N@4.7][R <$JIVABQ8 _4!6;:NXA/E#%LY4<]O4''








M.CRZOKNIV&C:7;E?.O=2N$@A0

M^(5A%-

21]?+&%RX2@#]

MOCG_ )%Y?+'A?[8KB^^QX;[X9CB'[GD@@

M!Z4 ?GG_ 
%8/'$K:?\ #WPG;:K (9I+G4[S36


M%/?A)X;\#^
O_BW2EO&U3Q0M^-3\W499D:2!H'7S-QC0+*T)3.Q46-512H


/#/PQ_;FT


Y(8]1N+C
(E@N+C[-#LJEB(R8YA* GS+M )5I%;VWPC^Q;\&??@V3




[3CYUUK]G_ 
1?LF_L^_M!
M:OX-NKFWUC6+M)=+BTF:2=[#2%N
!@[H)$G2*YNR\FYL!596#*QKRS]D?XN?

1
$D=%6)8@R


M/









X[[Q
M!HMZES;SQ7EQ

MITDTECHVEZKIT!N&!E



M5\.?@RMO'XT\5VNB33JK1VJ^9=7FU@Y60V\2.XC(20&0KM! !.2*ZOX=_$+P
MS\3?#RZUX3UNUU[3'?:9[64-Y3[5;RG7[T;A64E& 8;AD#-?G5^RU\0OV:/#




MGQ+HO[+VN-X=^2XN8+75YDF,4L=A(^UQ&V\ EW,414A@RRLN#D 'IZ?M$?



_VUOAI\/-:LKF+P5IV

%FR ?5&F_MM?!34/$SZ*OQ$T


.VXN
M?F.W.% ^Y=2_X)\_!C7M/NUU#1M6O==NXV-QXBFUFZ-_/
R

M#1[-S'Y



LC;B5W



MY5NUP]O=I;9V2*X0

MBSV]Q_:EY?-++?&6[CB(G15$9XE4@0JA)1
9P0P!][Z!X@TOQ9I4.I:%JMIJ
M]A/N6&^L;A;B!BK
K
KK\K

M6NJZG%#
\18A6$;NI.2I P#T(KP'_@FKX3/AG]ENQU)+TWDGB'5;O4RC1A6A

MKPS2120N)C)
SNSM]H8
2YR%3@'.0#]3RRX3:Y(8C!7JY R

ME?/KR6?BS2+AO#ZL=86*_CD;30 W


_45/XJ\3:

.U%)-C*P!]Z:?\=OA
MCJVJ6FF6?Q&\)W.HW3K#;V%IKEK)/
Q)4*J!R7SG@8KO;=MV\9)PW.[JI/.W

M
RQ8D=#MQ\HP]?7

O&_A[P'I]O?^)=;TWP



OB?\ %$1_$76IM0?1
K T[VND:M#=2I$ILVU&/ )'7UKJIMT:8)9I 0-RKPQR.2.Q.<=?Y9'Q


8'Z4K]W\_YFOQ=_8K^ .B_M%?%;5_#'B6_OM/LK/1I
M[^(Z9*D






MV90&
^/6L?L^_!G^V/


M2CQ1HWAO[7O^S_VOJ

MB_BC1O$GV3^T_M']D:C#=^3O%KLW^6QV[MK8SUVG'0U]$_LJ_LZZ%JWP1T'Q


D@2-(%.W KY0_




9?_AD?P,)%(93?J25QN(OY_FQD\'@_C[<@'QE\V
?

\


1FA7:4)H _3*#!4E6W#CG





-(CU?0]3L]9TR
MY):.^T^=9H)

MJ2W8K
8H-\D


U^#W_!2




_*'D7!\S( .L_X)]R
M$_LB^!7C._)OV56&
M]ON00#T.3DY[DG-?-W_!6?2;6QU+X7:C';Q07L\6H1

M=UGQ&-6U#[2LT5







_9R\$_ 74


L;)AFE*JZJ&
M^7GY2_;\^#?A+X'_ !DT;0O!ND?V+IEQH
-[)!]KGNMTK7-PA;S)F9ONQH
9
MP

MK.ISAO*L]/UBVN+A\ 

M(/F+LQX4#'7W]J_/+_@G+^R3K5CKND?%_P 2-/HL$44K:)IK#






\UGQ@P#&

;O].N#NQV)S7T97SG_P3V61?V1O
M HD0HP^W Y[D7]R/4]@*^A;I 0K%]F.
\=_?ZX/![4 %TVWRQDC+
MG?!KSW4_CS\


\)


M \.Z8- ^Q#03;QKIHTT*;7[-L'E^4J_*4V;0NWY=I&.*^%/'VMR_$K_@J!X1


M\2*JIEO%=R'*KO#

M


==KI\V

MP=-S9W^HW;OO;.F
8]ZX75/CU\

S


7LL6&.]86(8KA')(Z!#^'Y]?\ !.C4O$OQ$\$_

[2Z9QG[RYZU\I_ '_ ()W
MGX&?%G1O'+_$)O$4NEB=OLD.B^09O-@EA(\W[0^UL2YSC\1G(\*_9(^*WP5\




MR%W^C: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

MUXMETKQ+_P )0\WV3SE^PR6_V; N






.J^$[HA'8F7]V6Z/&H^^['_EHW

M.^G_  G\;:K_ 
(OX[\+A_

MAHC_ 
]#T6JGQ.N_C??:];K\53_9FCI\FF1^1:_OMR1^?S!R

$^]Z\=Z^F_





+7YG8^NM/D2:
O&=T9QM.PKV]ZMUX3^QZMT_PM@N9[O[5%
M

[GP
M/^SQ\:#X\^


M6\1?#_
M /9M_LKPUXECNOB%\Q;-[&/H;T.W+J4_P!3(W0C\]M?3WQB^
NH+X7U3PJ


,M9\K591&-*TG[+-O[


M^**#/VW?)-YNY#*6\K_5K^X/?KG^\*H_#G]@?4=#\


'=--7[O1M-Z]_\CT\7@I5(*I+=GEGQ







MU'@.\T3Q5X-TZ;[T0:0@?






\.

;=H?#\;)/F

E
M?[6Y]?'9!1113*BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH :U?$O\ P5:\'Q:I










M#H

-[XSG&X^IJ#Q'\(/ _C;4$O_$G@W0?$5^D*P)=
M:MI
%S*L0)*IOD4\ LW ]: /G#]B/XU?#OP=^R_X-TC6?''AG1;^U^V^9I]]
MK$

*VFTV

=HGB?POH_B


M J93C
9X&3CCVP

9




1Y41H6PY94^@?A[^SQ\
OA2VG/X9\$Z+IMW8+)]GU VJ


M

J.

CHW#*1U!XQ0!\/\ [/[
M5?PVT7X+^OAKJ^O2V?B[^T)M-CM9[&=X[IY[R22':ZJ553YRH2Y7YE;(VX8






M[D

C2^62S9/7/K0!\._M[?+Q)\+?CII'Q[\/V!UG3(;O3
M[J]6=6DAMKRW*)Y54(5B
MXM;J(212(RX:-D((*E05(P1D&O(4_8W^#4/BX^)1\.]*?4U4;;?:ZV'^J





F4CCD0L%.U\?_@H+\?K#


MM;LBLB^7$RE5(4NH/&-V* /GG]M#P






^



M2Q^1FSSM'Z7Z+\




#=:_;
M;^&OB?2_$5CJGASP^FDG4-6L'^T6T?EZA)/(0R B0*0DAV22OWN*_2GPCX
MTT'QUI<U_P'==L/$.GQS&$WFG7
5Q'Y@4%EW1D@$;A\IP1G/0BN2_X9T^%#


OJ


G0+5\X)Y)
7
)?V5?$VD:1XV\/ZWK
M.IO90VUAINH0WLDDBW44T@81,0!LCDRQPO09RR@S_L'^(/ OQ&_9,TSX=WVI
MZ??ZC'9ZG9:OX?%P89U@FN)=WR!E;88[F-1(AP-^W<&! ^@/^&</A/\ ]$N\
M&_\ A.V?_P ;K4\._#P/X)U![_PWX-T'P[?OT#W6DZ3!;2M&2R;XU'!*K


M/VBO@WHUY\2;KP1::NK9O=!UZZMI(X+B/*^=''='E2C^8&RVWS6C+LRM7@O[

MF[Z^US]D?X.:]J&EW]S\-]@N-+F\V%KU^S*^'5CYJQ!1
24'RR!QU'&\Y]




M_P!GOPIX9\):7JVM^/M)T5+2'P9H^B7 N+V]13YK1M%$\821UDF9@S$(&;:6



MOB+\0/&E:#JVA^(-!T?39+A;G2KU)P;JXG:.2.5XG8*,6]N0./
;=G(Q^C

Q+NS




M:;XBT]&



MN]/NU:*YMKN-9(YU(V$.I)!##MCM[UPT?[._PH602)\
O!J_NQMD/A^T!50=


NXQ$IA3.'QSM3[Q KZ]_

M_P $SI_#GBW]GGQEX&U.[L[B\U+4[U[G1?MV+M[&6TMHFD**0\:MN*[UZ;AS






<E5&V2V5F.[


XXWCIM(X/3G- 'R)\(?^DWPM\2^[:[\;:G_PB/B7
^OP]\7ZW<ZMKG@/PSK.ISA?-O
I6FHV/PW\*V6H6L@EM[RTT&UBF@<<A
MU=4!4C'4&@#YS_:BTS6OVO/V28?$/@_PYX@TZ[L;Z+7--T?5K*(7FJVZ121&

M)GP?^)VIKJFN^ =-DU#SGFEO+026
\[O@F222W9#*V0
%]Q7+8QN.0#YQ_;5

B/:

MKR^T(K$X


%S*L0)*IOD4\ LW ]: /
MD3_@EOXVT2S^%NL^&K[7=
M?$-YXCN;BVTB:YCCO)HA:VH
D
M@CJIKZA_:

$_99#C&#_D_EIZ%\%?A[X0UNVU;0_







OA/?6WCW7M=
MU**74(?#LD%_#;6L#(0UPZR$VX

M\*]/:S\*^&=
\/*\4

]!0!\2?\$P/BIX0T'X

N%W8W#/8_P#!



ML]8TVZ;;+8ZE;I-#


P.F/#MISWS@Q\#

MLQE/

=JB1U]-_X*

M_B]X!G\5Z'X@L4L;.V%UJ

S+=JS'RF4))DD[&$98
5YKY







MO&Y1OE8!@


M]N=/58G*)
ZGS97F\PF./


_*KM

-AXMTF6YNM2L5187NDDE++=18YF0(8DW-AEV


/C/EF61_+; Y=?FV[AR&(KJ/B=\&?!OQET


[.[L[K!(F^0[SF1LNPX/'% 'Q7_P
M4 _:D\


J

/A@L+(!_K&/U)/4
MU6^%O[

.F

F
M


MWCE=5



_#=CXBAA+
M!Y\QSP E6/E3H1)'N)G:PW;5STKRN7_@GY\!)I%$?@54PGR@:O?*
\D#_7





O\ 7Y6_M7Q%

M)XET25]5N@]M#'' EJLSL)BI55

F[.








MQ?D*

UJEO








T[REA(QHRO*RF-CN(*,O5E7ZTT[X]?#+6M3M=,M/B/X4O
M-3N)%@AL[37+9YIY#P%6,2$G.[IC->,^.O\ @G#\'/&VH+J-G8ZGX0NC-+



M%T[6;^^TJ%KN 7#

$G8))F:3 &0HSA5VJ.%% 'P;^QZJG_@



:D$-Q]2W_PQ?\']3\53^+9_US_ 
)!



M/^J^)+OP5;ZA81:\EJ)+&XNY)X(/(60(L3.#(





_:*\-_&[Q


.
%3V&* 
[_@H%\.)_B/^S/K


MXN-/GU29;2VNK:64RD&5YGF++(X*_+E&CV@D2,?O-C'!$2&WKA-S83)R!N
MP





7)WL2V/TV^&*ZZ/ 'AL^*?
7Q.VF6I
MU97$8 O/*438\K]W]\


MQCJDM[/:+@E8U4;8RJ




M^@-/SY SNRHVEF4+NQ_$
'&#VH LC[U?G#^R+J5O8_\ !1#XS02S0Q7%Y/KT
B7MN\!EU6UU
MR7%T8TV_
)0\/SD9.R)#_=V=* .=_PJ$H'[/7AAMRM&/%ENSY/RX%E=\ ?



M=_ W]A;X:_ OQA#XIT=M;U?7K?Y;.ZUB_#S4I(C-(HXT)*2%3YBL?D7ON+




6#JGTK??\ !
OX
:AXGBU51XBL

6X0*51$1$4X R0-S8&6
MVJH7SSXL?\$^/AA\6O&]UXLN)]:T#4KU@UW;^'[B&WEGY#3LDD+X<AAEDV[




0?H2

MCKXM_31K'^UO$7B*2#1K6\M]Z72,2?LEUL$A/F207!D6-TBNZ%LEC_J'



M4X](FOE7

^(M+M]

.58'D


_P WCO\ P3_\56?CC]MK


M$+

2V.IZB(H(ER

VG:?JD]V;:VN64S+''

+]NMLC(YR1GZ

MS=^#XK6VL?[-%U+'MA@


W$MQE(\YF'ER*?
C^3J.JM7CW_!6?4;.34/A;I\=

OASXQT/Q1#J

@\YQ=0_X)@_#'5KZ[OM0







M.9'BM)[:QB\J%G;(W&ZA$109?W& N&=)/\ @K1J%M)J7PPL1=1-J$46I7$U
MGYJF6%)&M0C,HYL8Y &/!






M'4Z_LS_M\7OB?QAH0UG2D\17.O+ 

M]R?!_P#8

L9*C)26-E?:?DRN2K%%R
M
@8 +6G_ !H\%W'@32?&4_BW1[/PWJWRVFJWMU':P2R%2=B-(1A@$D_=O\ZE








L&F
M^(([6*1R%#N5C@'S
$ WYW$ #=Q@ 'S_ *A\--0^-G_!3/6+[1O
FT3PWJFF


MW\K:?+_P)N.@Z=*^VOA#\(?#?P-\#V'A/PG:?9=


?&]]J%U-(Z1OJL
L-K$TCNL$



M65]\CJ@N(HX%WB/S&9
GY6.1TH ^
_V*/B@/V4_C?XM\!?$FT7PM%K!BM;N:

M;+_@EQ\)[74+.YGU'Q9J



M(RP)#9*NZDE6*U\PC_@E?\*]RN/$?C
R!@/DO;/DD8#'-KQC=T &-V
8H ^M
M_#_C?P_XJU+5;'2-=TS5=1TF?R-1L[&\CFFL9/F CG5&)C;*.





MPNS_ (6G]KU_^T_[3_MG^R_MO^@?:L[_ #


(?$7
MQ)J=C\&;G6[1=TD;($'R_P 5PJ?Q*17N_PR#96FD^*/$EM;W_VY+T6OFKY;
M+LV).PZ^O/Y5X]\15GUKX+^



*_NL:CX2TF]^VVTZHA/RC VQ2=#





/]ZO%?@1:CQI^T]\
M3]?U Y%J-+6R3^]NL75_;HHZUW?P=\8V=Y;MIEYJ!N&O23:*L;J?D\QW^Z#V
M Z^G%?/FM_M/?#?X<_'P:O!J.RT@.+F+]]\^ZVIU0GAI&^Z#UYKQ<O^L5?K



A%C;W7F9+8_U;\8;;T]:^BP^8/#QIVE9Z];V
MT[=/Z[F7U6%0YWQ[X;\0?L\ZA!H?@GQQ%J?C:UW?V#IBZ4JFWW!7N-TDF]9-



N

N5DWH\;

_GW#3#[




8QQWZ_I7

M_ 5[



@_M;[;-_
M=#_ZI5$7

MD+^ZX'?BM7P%HOC#XE_$X6WAG0\_#P



MIVB:JR_V[:R72/Y?EVDGDX+L7_UC/]W KLQE/


LQZ1<6'F^'IMPDO/.^\%$?*%
G#_2EA
56P



_P!9QYZ;O]G^Z?7\._Q=\:?%'B+X

MY

.?-]1T[]N-^!]QX

CZ%


OL'Z
M%?#N2 Z!$D5Q]IE4?O'V;


MK\SH\W)[^Y];#X4%%%%;EA1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4



M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $%TK
F



MFW75TRJCR!23L7$:JJ@GJ,EFW,WJ5%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 -:DI6I* BBB@!5IU-6G4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110




%UR/8LQM?(;8JYPTV


M*DU^TT:7[3X?L1 &F^;YMV_^\J-]Z-O[WX=_C;3_ (C:1\&?VAM9TGQ)QX9\




/N7Y 7_@$!;^^W_/3V_'M[+\ ==TC

M]EKS?XTZ@+_]HNW




4B-+\L/S/NS$O/3/N:\)U/X&^)_P!FCQU-
MX@L9?[1^%3[4N-3V*ODYAI\I=Y?^/F8+PO\%<N'H1EBY5)U^1]-+W^?Z&DI

YC'Z5\_?&KP?X:O

M(Y:/Q'9_#W5- ^&?B:1-:\+2:'?W&U;RXDOFN/M'[LF/Y54A-N]?KN]J^OK'


LI7A6;MWKD?@]
MO_:\U


X\2?;(_^J?8KF$
M1,]GL9L_*A R7QV/;O7%BH*E^]JJU7=._,G\[G?*E!5#%_9-_9FTKP+X$AO$
M'D7EX'623YI/,VR2C.Q P9.WK7Q9#X;'Q$C\66.J7'F:IIS6VY-C)GS!OZA







M:RQ=;$149;'SMX'T?7_B=X;OM/\ #5[]HMU

I_A?H1TKLO
M!'P]NTT/XC_IM0WW6DKIH(\CIOWW']YO_0C77_L9M='PKJL\VG_ -D0Y@!;
MSXY?-S)/Z=,?UI? 'Q\$Z7\6OBCXMNKS$^J+I




W\1
M_O+Z5Y7\%_B5I7[/_P 8/$FE7W%HS6^


M+J/WK@1





O

MM?F5.
X)QGO=_F?515DD%%%%:E!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1

M:YO)SG&0W..O0&@#6BD63(@(&.M28F]17 R?&3PC&Y6?4A$1T_=R-G_QRF?\
M+H\$_P#07_\ ($G_ 


H ZA
X_U<GE
MXZ\=:3R9_P#GX_2N<F\=:!/C[7/Y6/NYW<^O3\*C_P$R\*?\_O_ *
H Z?R
M9_\ GX_2CR9_^?C]*YC_ (37PHO_ ^_^C*/^$W\*?\ /[_Z,H Z?R9_^?C]
M*/)G_P?C]*YE?&GA5LXO?\ T93O^$R\+?\ /[_Z
YH_P$_P!-
M]: .@E,4F/,[=*9Y=M6-#XWTVXSSTJ3_ (2_3?6@#66&W;H*7[/!ZLC_A
-




_\ S\?I1Y
__/Q^


M/_X67X5_Y_E_[YE_^)H ZYH9_P#GYQ^%)Y-Q_P _/Z5RB_%#PI'UU(1Y](I&
MS_XY2_\ U/7_07_P#($G_Q% '5K#/_ 
_.?PIWDS_\_'Z5R+?%#PI)TU(2
M8]8I%Q_XY3?^%E^%?^?Y?^^9?_B: .P\F?\ Y^/TH\F?_GX_2N/_ .%E^%?^
M?Y?^^9?_ (FC_A9?A7_G^7_OF7_XF@#L/)G_ .?C]*/)G_Y^/TKC_P#A9?A7



O_ 
31_P ++\*_\_R_]\R__$T =AY
M_P#S\?I1Y
__ #\?I7'_ /R_O_ #_+_P!\R_\ Q-'_  LOPK_S_+_WS+_\

MO_?

O_ 
31_P +
M+\*_\_R_]\R__$T =AY
_P#S\?I1Y
__ #\?I7'_ /R_O_ #_+_P!\R_\

M 'S+_P#$T?\ R_O_/\O_?

M24K4E K3J:M.H :U)2M24 *M.IJTZ@!K4E*U)0 JTZFK3J &M24K4E !111
M0 JTZFK3J BBB@ HHHH **** &M24K4E K3J:M.H **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** &M24K4E !1110 JTZFK3J &M24K4E !1110 JTZF
MK3J BBB@!K4E*U)0 JTZFK3J BBB@ HHHH **** BHIU+ !3M8\!CSMXZ

M-+LM3TV\AO--O((Y[:\MY5DAFB8!DD3:=I#J001U!%9\WC?P]:WFMPRZ[I8?




^)M%\0-9B

MOC.
[6QWH W**\^OOCW\

M*\YNOCO\

M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
C7I


 ]
.NP^5Y/F


MIC#_ 

MQ

$_,V:B@N_+'S<Y$,K=
M..C=Z]D\$V:?!CP;KGBW3;?S%\/'^RX_E^<SR%)3P#TWCJ._45PGBSQ1I7Q

MTRW^VVNBF;SY_P!WP)L.H^8


6_&S0=#A^-6CZ- ,7'[[_G
MI_SPB?Z5X]I@\-5DN6\K7OZV956E*<8PZ!\<O\ A
]7;4;GP\NZ]?9]G7]S
MV\I3][_9#5XA??&+XM_#G6K&'XAV7E:=-YWEO_HO(53_ 

M\0[3X4Z]JNG:O)^]NO*-E#_STV?


J53$*@Z=H]Q8_ PHQC.#U.N^#WBVTM?'EK;1_O%\






MV*_$FJ^ /'7B?PM_PCW]K6EZ+8VFI_:ECSMBFED.Q@7& Y7G^[7IWQ/_ &B?
M!7@'XZ1:-J]YMUN4MLMAYW&+97;D1%?N

+



MZK'X


9'^-&$6&HIQJ3W_NR?XHZ?809Z/J5Y;_  [TF_UGQGJ'VK62


M]L-*M=1@F\
_8=
)C\@_;LX 

)OBK9Z#_ &OX9\11

_#_Q%9^*/#L&H61_<R%P%ZXQ(Z]<#T-=+

FN631[M.7-%
****@TB
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH :U1
M3=





M]^$NK:/_8*7JQI#K7VZ23&R 7)'E(-PW9_?7[W?M[-/'87$86V(C^]5^GG




*NQR\PZ8Z=\\?/RG5Q34
*W[5/W%U




MXA_;.L]

MY


N?WG7TKUIX9U\
M?64I622E]R2W.6I)TH0CW/2'^'?B[P7]ITK3I-\?A]4?PH-B<<^9??.W+<.










M9


MZMG5XS_IT/\ I!VD_-&

?O)%S0!Q3?LJ^ KJ.


M6:



MX)_Z)AJ'_A27'_Q===

M'['_ (2W?Z/\
-0_VO\ BI)OPZO5VX_8_P##?DC_ (MAJ'_A22?_ !==!;ZE

7_D2@#SJ/\ 9'\-V\DG_%JM0ES_ -3)
M)Q_X_4G_  R?X;_Z)+J'_A22?_%UUEKK7@Z&27S/$77&/W$WOZ59_P$@\$_
M]#%_Y N* .5T_P#9+\+R
XD^%6H1=




5))_\
M'36?-^RGX
9QWPPU#9T_P1DF_H]=7+X@\&6GE&_P#$7#9V_N)OQZ?A5R/Q
M%\.-3C\F'Q%\_0_N+B@#A+K]BSP)') ]G\





7XB]<


YS

G_#?S_\
MD4KCK_T';C_XNO6H?$7@^9) OQ$M\KC/_$IDJE_;GA+SO^2B6_7_ *!
E '&


M&H:AX.NHX?
\9QZAMSCR[&:+9T].N?Z52\SP3_T

M^AB_\@7% '*K^QSX$F5O

MZM[KP+
I\OQ%TZ_N+BH8)/!/G?\ (Q?^0+B@#
O?V-?!L*VYL_AAJ'?=_P 5
M)-[8ZO\ 6G?\

DG_Q=0?\
?\ AO\ Z)AJ'_A22?\ Q==DU[X2B;=_PD7W
MO^F$E-_M3PE_T
7_ ) DH XN7]D'PLK*TGPPU#CI_P 5))_\75F#]EWPECR_
M^%5:A+_W

M)1YGA+_H8O\ R!)0!R;_ +(/@NYMY3-\*M0B*XV_\5)-S^3TEE^R=X4LXML'

J^&VF_Y)+J'/_4R2?_%UJQ_L


M%))_\763_P 

MIX2\[_D8O_($E &

399OA+J

M3?]UCR_A)J'O_Q4DG_Q==]=Z7X7&'D\1?*W*_N)*SYF\)6O_,Q?^0)* .&/
M[)?ANQ/_ 274/WG_4R2=O\ @?O2?\
D^&[K_FE6H1?]S))S_P/UV\/_):

MF23CI_MUNV'[)'A:.(B3X2ZAVQ_Q4DG_ 
775^9X2NY%'_1?=_Z825I[?4
M


MS76]_AAJ 




(?*N[3^.8[^-<8\O3;A

:5\:OBI\&29?B-9?\)@UP5.E?/:V'V4



M K3J:M.H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH :U)2M24 *M.IJTZ@!K4E*U)0 JTZFK3J &M24K4E K3J:
MM.H **** BBB@ HHHH **** &M24K4E K3J:M.H :U)2M24 %%%% !1110
M JTZFK3J BBB@ HHHH **** &M24K4E !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 JTZFK
M3J BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /OVT?C9=? 3X$ZMXBTJ\2R\0
MW$L6G:6\D7F 32.#(^@*0)/(#)\F8P&SM;QGX _L+?_Q9\(/#WB?QU97




\)C5U1BX







M !4_9'^%/B[PG$UE\1??A72]0L+^SBF6]NH8K)'^R*T3!FDW;9(SAB'CC9


MK]]LYXQ]3V_[?P7TB2_DTSPO-I5Y=:;=:6]]'JMW))'#/;26\@7S)F0'RI&
MQE!D\=


?39F



2
%?$'[+/C/0= \=Z8ZZ



M/C[_ &]-^V!^S.?%B
WBP:;X8.J@J@(NEU&;S_GC^08=F)#'RD9QBN^^)/C
MV+]EO]OS4?'/BS3[E_GC?1X;!=2LB^+15%M&[2!D!=HVMHV94)(CN%/) 1@


M@F0W7DH50JT31O

M9]HOY)?






M))Z4 34444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 4M6V?97$GW

MIKZ1OF8;-O3G-?


MA75IMY/FM]G!@^6-2!@*G^KQUYXKRG]H+X1^)!KMM_PC?/Q$U L7_P!4/]7Y

L+.\/AM;



_9_\

P^*?Q5L9[L?VKMTLV^4W?\L)G?V^Z3UK=^!_BQVM-%GH
MWVF[U@7#%_M:I_J_
SP5*_=W5\W_ !$_:@\1:IXX;5/ WA[_ (GNAG=J/^G1
M]9X4$7^M0I]QI/N ^^.*\^EAJRCC:






QVG]FA7%M/Q$2LN]2GWD&


?%O\ :/B75BIU30_[/6/)B0/ /
F?8
*';Y!_#SVK



M^!8S&-.F\G6K/)O&$EP?-WJ?*ROG;5PC'H.



M



M[N0!^.1_6LG&4I6Z





C6KZ/6)[3[/Y@'V;Y)



2/?1W.\



M7


P_Y;Z5Y:AE &V
M&/\ U3I_WYS_ !5C_$']K#1KVQL_AQ^S_:R:[;0[O/



MY'.:\Y_:&^







#TK'

G'^I]Z]C'



E4.:;AK]WZ]/0*FT3H_@_X'U3X=_L^H/$*
M2QZYK!9=1GDY%VL5XXA(4

RZ=!_J+D_\ +4LS
_'488GKZUT]?F\M&T?9QV04444A




5O^&$Y+9Q_Q/)/:@#J)(/&







MWY_YYJ#3[OQM)C_B;V_'_3C;UR%]X-TVDNA'X!N+_.,_P#$]DBV]?SS_2H-
M,\+Z)Q_Q;X_\*1J .R,WC:XN91_:]O\N/^7&'W]*=Y?C;_ *]O_X QUQL




M(VW?



MQQC_ )CLGO5F'P7ILDNW_A6%Q_X/6_JPH ZF#3O&TDS-_:]OQ_TXP_UK0D_X
M36&/_D+P?^ 5O7/IX$TZSAR/AM/#O_ZCG7'_  (^M5/^$+TVXEV_\*[N/_!Z


MMBO

)'\




(U





3UO;/3



MB

PN




MHHHH :U)2M24 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 *M.IJTZ@!K4E*U)
M0 JTZFK3J BBB@ HHHH **** (+B)I74!L+M8?=Z'C# ^HY_/VKQ/QU^Q]\
M'OB9XDD\0Z_X(T^YU*5R\UU9W$UHLS&1I#)*D$B1\MR[Y8\9X45[G10!S/A

MY;RQ^

AF!R&(/I#4E 'G'PW^

D'VZ&W
EY)$[[V1KARTC G;@
QP H&  !UGB/P[
MI7C#1YM)U_2]/U?3KHJ9[#48$N(&VD








M=%S*078 G.-[=

*$&V&


M.H **R?%?B#3O?A


T ?:M%?._P


M3TT0&6:QMK:2%Q+!'
I1WN%9AMD Y488-U&* /J-J2OD_P $_P#!2KX.^./$


?BAX5^
/A4:_X
UVWU_3&N);;[



M'BO3M8O_ .W//-M_9
44VPP^6'#^;
G'[U
$=?FS@]?+M$_X*@?!S7-8M[.[

L:^4Q-B0Y+'R_,&30!]*45\:6
M?_!4GX3WFH6UI/I'BS3(Y)5BFN[O3X&C@0D@RL$G9B%^\PEL9 4D@'ZC\)^





@'I=%?)G@3_@I+


J




L% H

M?/6@?\%0/@_KFKP6%U#XKT6&=2?[4U#3HW@B CW E(99)6(@+&WS'!P-V

8B$14@


 Y)[ 'VHU)7


\;:'X6L])\4:?=:O=+90W5]90_9UE?B)7\J:1


Z+JD]JM]'#]BN9]T+.Z!LQ1N!\T;\$@^U 'KM%?*WBS_@I#



M2!+(!(X^Z%=8VQ(HQN#!0#ZMHK_X2C2_^$8_MS^U]/_L3[%]O_M+[6GV3
MR-N_SO/^[Y>WG=C&.>E?-^N_\%(O@CHMWH\5OKFK:Y:WTR6TUUI^E3I%898+
MYDWGB.0DY;Y8A(^$8;2


M6C
X-N7M]-O9XRG;N$L4





3]V?D
3?


F#-T&
=P165XMT6VT_Q%JFFZ_H3^)?!MX8 ERD

MDYW?=!&WT(KTB[^'.J:EX1TVU^$6NI)HMQYOGO):M)Y860%

M7HT?]E]Y=?ZWZ/YG!7IRJ[&5\!H;7P3\/?'EOI_AV30/#MN--;3-]W]H\W?(
M_G?





MJ:NG+&+ZXJFCERM_A8=:G&E3@H;')?&SX&7?Q(O=0U/XE^)O^$9T^81K8K]A




-2B











GT'Q#_Q




M^



M-GA.86OD7/KB0Y_V_P#6FOH?2_B1XC_93T2V\!_$+4O[2TK5'9M-O/(CAVM$


J622.





M









7M01QG=
Q8
M;C)*?E 'Z5YA\=/%$V@^

M?F\G=L^SCL@HHHI%!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!#))MN(
MQZAOZ54FF-K8FX'2




?7
1CYNGK69:^

:P'^QE7;MD5CT8

M[\[Q+]JN9 OS_9)%VXS_ (US-YX?25YW_P$MCC@7_GI8R2X_P *^,?@-\_



WB*WPV=O\ H*_TJ:'Q
M%J4W_


M?_P525Z):^(-6CCD



MIUS_ $I?^$DU+_H8K?\ \ : 
(OO=/]!DK?L==U*ZO-G_  D5O\G_ $X^
MO_ZJ76[[4HO^9BM_F_Z<: .=L1I5]=7;-XBY3;C_ $&3OG_KI^R6X^7Q%Q_


?O/]!7OTZ_0U

MOK@_E71?VAIOD?\ (Q=O^?&2M.;6-;NS$+GQ1;RLN?\ F&JN
X]*N_;-2\G_





TWSO^1H\WG_GQDXKKI)M2FC/_ !45


MF8^T^(NO_3BW;Z5=U#4O$&GK!]C\16^U\^9_H
?;&/YFGV?B*];_ (_?$5O_
M . *_P!* 




OK_GB
MHIVU+_6?\)%;_P#@#'0!S\%CIMN6;^W/M^__ *821;
?SSG]*E\O3?\ G\_]
M&5?DUC5I
+'XMM[7;U_XEL;;O\_UIG]IZW_T/-O_ .J.@#*O(+3RU6[X)Y


M+L+$





M\C1YO'_/C)Q3)O&LE]#;)9^(K?\ =[M_^@KWQCK]#5O_ (234O(_Y&*W_P#

N[#
HZ_[IKHZ\O_9MU&35
MOA)HMTU^E\K+*JLD/EA=L\B_CT_2O4* BBB@ HHHH **** &M24K4E K3J

MYD*F7_9VY8?R- 'E/Q\^-UC\+_ FHW\.I_:_$=N8_LD7D-QF:-7/W2OW6_B_



M^=?GPWB'XJ_LX^(_#W@#P#;8LM'$QUNW_P!'/E^8GG6W


]: /-_C)\.[?QU^T;K5SJ?
MQC\-^%;Q82TDFDR7.[991[/X@5PZITZY]JXGP;^S;X2\36&O:1\0_B)'XDE
MMWMQH6S39;3ARS7/$3[G^7;_ *S@8XZFNH^&?C.U_9G^-WB+P%KUF/$'A_79
M+,:G=&9;?[8;8W$'R_


T;P7:6C

M]DE'W)Y)&&4#H?DG7T/KGM[C^U1^TX/V78=)U:YT1_%

MDWCL9_W]19?^6C[?NO)TH L_LE_&[PC\
/&D/PWDL/[*OKI6

QNII?N12

NOV:[K4_@3?7DGQ8CO/$TI0P6B: T)

$/[G]UMNC)+R&4\_-_$





MSKR(RM+-C&_=(S+QN.

M\VWA&_.




MDC18H)!]DFP#Y4C#]X?OGCBOU.^-V@7_ (J^$/C?1=)LWO=7U+0-0L[2&.1(

H#+P9 X(=4KKO!_PW^.'[4G[2'@



MMKJY#R;SOD2!'*LSX*GACNSVG[:G[.OB[P;\4-&^
_P9L+Z/7YKU8K^S\/6$


]=7^T9\$_&'[6G@#P!\2O!^BW'P\\?:




UQ-:Q7%Q97&O3VKR1JW
MD2G4TC
BD_

MEK.I0'[3HMZT-Q92WZS


?38HM4L[9[B2W*7


MW1C7T_K7BCXF_&;]A'QMX1\2?#CQ7!XUT9-*L5:YTVY:36HUNX-LT:R*9))%
M6)FEZXR)



D3DQX4^7\R.^\-:



M8L\S1+A6D+%MR

MG*

H+8*L
MDD


 74_+?[;FAWUQ\5/@A\ K+4I++PG!8Z=:6TK?O91

\GS;6P*WQDOOVA/VU]3T_PA'\*[GP#X3M;F/5%




8&UY)$+2'L7+



65 #XM_
M9'^



MF)MD3:ZY R


MYA'!(&$@

MW-C!HMG8R7HE\EH\WD*L$1)I9=JHKEB0-V/H3Q%\$M4\5?\%





DEVZ0QW=N8K=%3(D\I3
[
BJ 7?EU17/K7[/
*_M=*L89?W*F6\2=4MUJKPQ(I

M&1);2=4(^SRD!GCVEHR68*'#QMSO[.?[$'B+]H37O&?BSXPVOBKPJ+JY:8(]
MM'87.I7




MF?L:_ 3XG_\ K?C7H4


MVM.O-.T];K27@^PW




MV7O&
+-D.=]XK%L=C_9X!'/!SS@\&N$^/?AGQM\1_P!K;]GWQM%X#\0V5@UE



21I)=321[ADE6





RU1^'_[?WQ0^

RL[ '
M%:3G]E'_ (*%/X4\!M-;:%J.LZ?HTD-]&;C9;:@;:62%9.?+,@=29
QQAV

GS




@UX'X;


G@_69K?S-
O-!%A#




&.\C9WCL\.P;T2WMMK
M!@K%EBWA_P!Z&]S_ &QOV3OA_K'P%\3:OX:\(^'_  [XCT'3Y=0L[ZPM/L:B

MS+#I-@T=I:Z8\QGELI40
+3R
1LDNT(1&3CF6*JWQ._:_P#BO^U]X5F\#_#?

O'FJ^._


-IP
^:_#7QQI?[

(O&4&I+:F&\\.^*KJ


M26?]H3RLEY%#:0A6(M]L:(C 
#OC5#+AL?3/[&?[3VO_ +0D/C'2_%?AFW\.








_


*ZG9_9/+P2&2'YY6)'S2





M=77V*_D^T-+H/D^;YN)F*_O0FT8&V3CUKS3XN_ 'P[\0OB-&GBWQ%_PBWB6[


9.


MVR\

MXH\3^&]4U*9YI=ER;6--L624D#9P!GC'4FO);?XO7'PO^/GB'QO9^%Y8/!.J



M12:.S^0
DGYCNE^:9I&Z#VR


L:-J?\ ;; 3!I6^4(VV
M4;)0R]3[8&*\?^*GAW3_ (;:A8_$KP?HDEEH&H!Y9?





-T'R/E?*^FWWK@K'XB?#&\N'TWPW\*;BXTH8



M:-;F83QOYHEN)98^&38

MJ])\(_%[XM?';1=1\.MX=\L
(A+*9+=L_


M[N#R;V

****1H%%%% !1110 4444 %%%






IW
-F98P/N?
?FV]*^/X=-^%FB^-#HV
ME^*_*T-F*O!]ENFR1'N'S'G_ %A-?5X3





M O3UL=&N/^$B^&Y;

T'2
M#J7@&X





JJJJ<SE)?U^)MB

SG\,5G_M'?FWN/VDK?7O$6F_VMIFH!Q%<_:F





MOA=/

M+JZ=H_\ 5R
NT;HU'W6 ^ZJ_E6G^S[XNTCX@V







M?B117ZO_ +%FE:7)\
8M??BS ?:?
9N/M$Z'I]!0!?U;5O ]OK4NH:UX1N+;

M:W^WA)YN//M&


M']E:GX8GB/;_ (F

H






M?2:!(L7EZYY77/[B3GI53_B2?]#%_P0)* -B3P[;S8\_P$LXQTSXCS3!X9


?TJ7[&UQ'C_ (5+/_X4=4+O3- AC5Y-

%_M?_R!)0!TECH_V5I3_P *EN/GQ_S
&[IFGS:?YG_-

MKFV2-;CX57$N[.W_ (GJ\=

MY6W=^XF^7.['7Z?I5?\ LW1/MGD?VOWQ_J)* -2UT674-XC^%5Q%Y?7_ (GJ
M\Y^OTI7\*WJ_ZOX87'O_ 
3V.L[Q-X%T)(K*5O$7V4-O/^HD^;[O^?QK(33?

M .N@6_M?.O ?^%=W''_ %%JT(['SH0O_N[C_P;5FZ;H7A_5K-GC_Y9=?W\





M^)M6W::QX/M8GAD_X^!C?^_DK

_


M]:R-/M_EBTB+J/E&3'_ SD;.



AL_^673]_)WS_A0!'INBS:XT\-]\
M/)P+/'E_\39?XLYZ?[HI;C28+?\ =K\.[C/_ &%JP)IM&.H3VLG^NC(#?OY.
M^?\ M&TTO0H?WK=/^N\E $-Y8WEE:31P_#XNA/MS_Q.57;AAZ_7]*M6.GZ






#GZYR/RKC/C-_P (QJ7P

M?9V]E\!_#26_W-MQ_&S?\O
WK7KU !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 -:DI6I* %6G4U:=0 UJ2E:DH CF^7#_W






M&IF2Q:3BSE=8N=V!\I/W57WSQCZGT+6OA+\)?AC_ &5J^H1W!OMWF/'!=)Y^








3$#]X#I7U


ZB




M?BOJ7C+P?KFC11KX7T
WB7

/C[X;
M_#VTU/P%J3^(=7UP8\0Z1(D
9 AE06F)97P

8_F:MQKA 9/O
M&O.]%^+GAFZDL9M+NC=1ZF6 /[SCR\)_&!_D5WM[NN+=)$^YC- %F/?D[NG:

M4444 %%%% K3J:M.H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB


M^!OPO\

0Y40JNX(F2')7!  !

8I&S?+C*A?X
M%Z]!2?LJ_M _&GXR?$3Q'H_B_P %^'=



M6=_-IQCU:#4XY?
1(I-WR2


4*L


2PL0WR$HW*HV5 ![K17C_ .RW\5M9^-GP-\



MF(XXVK+Z7\09OVEM/UC69O!D?PUU;P]&SSZ=;ZC'J%MJ
J 92%_WACWAAMW%
MD5P0?W8R  ?0+4E?F_X-_:7_ &L/VD?!LNJ?#CPWH=G86E\T

MH+M=*
WS+LI.YXML@O$6WL [)_&J 'UA17PM^T/^T9^TA^S7X=TW7/$VD_






M .%IVOPFT&\^%ZSS74DD%T[W*6
4[1R@XG+[X]CHS_9PHVE]OEA@/HGX@?M8


MVE0240!979L0LC 'T;17R1X%_:6^(WA7XZ:;\-OC=X7T?PZWB%6B\/\ B#1R
M4L+J:-W&QI)93N


M(I#N;1L.3DJ& /MJBOCK3?VG?BS\.?VB?GP[^
7A[PW;Z+XF86^EZ]X;BN


3!@LB-NVRL1@CD \XP?
;[]JWQ')^P]#\9X='TVR\2




#R@LJX8@

?!^IZ#?!_LEW%(L3/L9XW($M^I4AT

MG/ RWEAG!CVNDDHWE?

AE3X0^#DW +'NNHE?&3

M(\^:P+LDF

A&
M0!D $]0!X/\ L^_M
^

[K0+33](\.R7)LKZ&=

MK?3
!''L+RR^2CJ\@4;$.TKM
R


M_P *^

544LH.YP#GYI
M9#_%7#_M-_MD^#_V;[,6Y,/BKQ;)-'#'X<L[M$EB!(8S7+*CM@# +A&9V8!
M5/S

C@/M13(5MVPIP





MI;B*2;[0B]XV$)58FN582

M;=I8X[/[5YD$8%P[2(0N;@8 ^\1@O'NW  ]YHKY ^%O[7'CG2_C#H_PL^./@



MZ[_9J@28;[*S[OGAST]/ZUWY+1YLYH3]?R9R8O\ @GE/PW\0^
&^)&A-XX@\


/_6]F3/^K4R?
M?
2(Y_*QL,3'^$Y[5X?\/OVB/ 7Q*\
M2#P7XNT6334C7$5P]W(_)B:4\(H[HM?:7@.TT@^-M<L;B#S[ZS-OY[]OWT+

MZ=ZY[P]\=OV9_AU#]LT.TV:G? XC^U7S9


_[6$U[+=:5_PC_@JR:-KJ;SUF^V!P#$?EVO'ME@CZ9SNY

M











'?AK(-5N
MX3B23?L^]^\'^OB_=63\J\5\'_&7X7_ !^.4W]N3B^M;\)Y&7F79Y=KN;[



GQ_O-/\


R^9&S(




M.;SG




MYTUPT'RMA1^[8?=9^O..


M!B[_ .[Z5XV'P]3&5O\ :-.6WX_\
=-;V=*E%HB_9+\56'A7X9:GKFOR^5+B
M(9^;O/.G;_?%9
WQ&@^ K:S9Z5)YT6E&$@'=_P M1GN#_P ]/3\17 ^#O@[X



;'4;.SE_M#4TU'<?D*6JP[<





M'AV\UV^U'_1?%%O?A5;?_P 2U4V?*V.OKS^5?GM^WI_:7_Y=1^VZY'%RN/+
ML5Y_T6VSTK]!O]GJEC? VOA*2T#JV_S+^.7=A6Q].I_.OSY_;T:];XRZC]I

W-WCK^-?9\
V






S!


M&W&-9%7A^!]YNGK7Y1_$[=+^T1&ZZO'A2V?

^+GACP/



_P!*]C_X)]ZM
M_;7[.;:5?ZQ]HMPIGR/NC[7=$_^@C\J\/\ ^H/B(-\3/#UOJ'A_?*//$+&
M?UAM
_TKVC]@_P (7
'[/

$Z
M/ &I^/+_ 
1W'B^.PF9D^22QN)=Q\M$_Y[8&/IWKZ)\)Q?V)X/30]*\:6Z64



&GI;:?XYM]T6?-



M
M_P#0C7'_ (-HZ )K?5-;DW?\5S;\?]0F.IO[0UO_ *'BW_\ !3'5%]/UNTQ_
MQ0UQ\W_46CIOEZW_ --<?\ @VCH O2:QK=OC_BN+?G_ *A
=
_X2#6_^AXM



WU^M5KCPS<\2?\(-<
;?C_J$QUF:EI.MPWTG_ !0UQSM_YBT?
M]T4MOI.MS9_XH:XX_PHM'0!HVFIZM

M$[F,?\B-<?\ @U7^M +XJUNYN8A;^.;?Y<[O^)2OMZT:MKWB1O^9YM__!3'

N/^*&N./^HM'0!F
M+K6I0R

MQY


(-0MYL-XYM\'_J$T
GM
+CQS;_ +S&W_B4KVSGI]:+C6M2NL'_ (3F
MW_\ !35;^P]2OE4W'@:X^7[O_$VC[]?Y5/#H-S#_ 




M_LNR+)\$/#A5-AQ/D^O^D2UZM7E/[+L?E_ _PX/

M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% #)*9_#3Y*9_#0!S?Q!\3P^_MWKLUI]L6T*#R=_EYWNL?WL''WZ_+3Q9
MXO\ &7[85G?ZGX)M?^$=



_=


D?4\Y]J /1/A3^SQX=NM

M_N_CVKS?P9\3OCG?7%]J_A:^\VUTMD



MNO\ 5



K^



MM
MN*_=;S_Z5H6L0A0A8O*';Y]V: /FCPS_ 




MAO)%8?$CX7W
I_BO?[;MXE!ZX\N.#GYF1
9K]'I+:.W!\B#S&;K[5E:AH8UR







M\X_

'VA;BU^RQS9W3


MB31)-'^&FAJQM]]YGF^;^[FQM+2#$S]U/7CO7ZC?!SXN:7\9?NG:YX8*GP


MWL+M;&4D




M@A_(=&)==N]6 DV[#[O%GS&#'+8&2#QW[9X^E '_'KXDQ_+X0^*O%KF 2Z



MMK/3;:'3[.%8;6UA14A@B0!41$3 @#A1P!Z=* /G?]@'XQV/Q6^ .DZ8Q@

@Z/]
!+;M!!'&SHPPCD0G<BLX^;[[9-
M 'S?^S#IOB'XS?M*S/\ &WQ-J%UX_P#AZL\MCX9OM*ABM I90+Q7C(B)!=6#

M9C#H6)*(00RNCQHP8 

%/CC^RO\7-<\#ZVNLZ=;Z'K%B]RMM-;A9TL6;:1
M*BL2!)&2RC'.
Y!KPGQW^R_^U#\7M%B\

&?^I5EIOBKQ-_P )CKL(<W.M
M_8H['[4QT



%OBIK?CCX^/;/PF_BI




MG

3P%KJOV1_VN/$?QD^
%VY;A/?[-/





K
M#*D \T_;H^%WCWQM\

8R ;'_!010W[(_P 0-S;5'V'[L@C.


MB:WR[*H8*ZX4O+F
Q$2K
X8@*N0#D?VYO^3AOV6/^QK/_I7IM?:-?*7@K]G'
MXC^+/CGIWQ(^-&N^'=2M_#D8_L#PWX;622PAG9

_P\1?+XH?&CQ+K%YIUSIWC361

)=R*!_KTQM)Z'IQD \LT']GWXP_';XT^!_B7\8KC2_#%
MEX5 GL_#/A^XD
QN(;GS4+H\DD
?F

MT_X=ZS9:#XO?PMOLM1O85-O%A]0
H8
DA!


M0K28%?\ @D*_




M\P_%?QM\):U^R!X0^&&FZ1J=CXDL?$#:QJ-[Y$:V\[
MTJ$2AS(\NV:W4
Z\


&^5D*C!

:+/';3PS;%+
VPRQR%


\T
D37$PB3;F$6Q9%5\LI*E1D/F?!WX+?M3?!GX5Q^!=#
M\0?#6?3H/M!L+N[DO9KFR$Q+Y5_(/MD:213(C\M@Y4 * 8_[0MKKEU_P4L^
M#0\.W26FHQZ';RNTF
/:I/?O=Q\HXR]LLZ+T^9D^9/O+YI\4+KXC-_P4F\7Z


MU3XH?$GQ-'XS^(FHPR1LT-NGEVI9RIDBE95.XP+'$H1(A'&SIAAC'?&']D


)(=-TB32[6[VB&:

O_  !XE\!^#O#FBZQY;7.K+?!?





*HQ5CAB
KW4=:\K_9L^ ?B'X0_%#XS^)=9





W@F2\U:V(+JK





MN/$]G!I_B.2Q@;4[2V_U45T8U

?%W
MA+P]'#-K%]%!+;1W#A%=X;F*?9N) !81$#) R1D@<U9TWX4W4W[-=I\+[O4(
M+6_/A*/P[-?6X::)6%D+=I5!F1<Y(!VDKC[IH ^8=/_ &FOB7\)_P!G.^\+


M?//^%'?M8MX#F^(O]%E\%Y:!/$[:F0OV7R\BP\P'S_)!KL^SY^]&'\GY:^


M]O:)K6X!)4KY9_?W









OAVQ'AO2?M\GS^9^











MW -M()/O\'Y:RP4L1AZE=*6UM_GU\CIJ-<D&C$^(%A\&_V8&M;6_P#^)I\0





JZJ_VK
MS_

VI?3HWWXED1^8E

?P_P#%$WE$^9:V]_\ ;B)HS_RQ;;'L

?-%)T

J^=

-7S;
M:VUUZ6\CU8XQ1?(C]$O#OG2V*S65V);



'4LO0U/5:QCCAA$4?1:L
MUQ*/*K'5:V@4444QA1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 4=2NK:%H8YY-C2'Y!ZX(S_
5\??MWL/@_P-VEZG





IPHR]G0=X_B;GL

MSEOA?^S7X=9(ITDWZG+&QNA^\X #B/[S ?='\/\ A7T-XT\&Q^$_@U?P6_W=

M_?5QG^Z/YFN*&:XC
\6H3T2DON






M'HU/WJ@C[9^%\T]QX7@EN+?[)

M/\HW?.^.%XZ8KLJ_




7%VA\76^8]N/^)5'WS_A5
M*8^*VEW+XMM\#_J$QT <;:^+?!GP]L[_ ,3:E?\ V*TLRFX?OI=_F;HNRG&/
M,_6OS:_:Y_:&\)_&CQ@-8\/:GLMK=27;R).=T<2C[RC_ )YGI7ZE:\^LZS8C
M2-9URWO].NLB3_05BV%?F7[O)RP'Y5RMM\(?!;@Z5X7N[?<W,O[B3I_K%^]_
MTSW?=_PH ^1?V0_VX/AI\?#^LP:CJW^F:CY6[]Q<?\ +.2?_88?\M/:L[]I
MG_@H))\4=/@TSPGJ/FPL7_Y8+Q\T9'WH@?X3WK[5D^!7PWFMI+._N[?^T;?'
MF_N)NK?


M]/\ 3;
:)\-=



M^+'A?Q%K=C9^&O'
)Z^E<JO[.O@C4M;+31[Y6SN/[SCLO9AZ=J /+OV;
M/VB/@E\
_A+;M-\0+?\ M=5=IT^PW73[1-C[R



_@B6U$U_!L;*F-?WW/S+Z

^DVOB..Z\&6K

MLH?[/J]OVW?Z##_6F7'_  G_ !_Q-[?_ 

M)&W




-EP/LG_ *3T <HVM:;
M!_Q7-OS_ -0V1J3_ (2+35_YGBW_ /!;(M=&+CQM/G_1.G_7O2_\5M_SZ?\
MI/0!RESKFDSE!)XYM^.G^@24L+:)=?\ 



\?_ /07M_\ P!MZ 



@25V%Q
M9^))V4_VO;_+_P!.



\1?=Z?N).]
M_L_PE_T
7_D2NRN+SQ3M3R]7M^^?]!CJ#[9XM_Z]O_ . 
= '*I_PB]BW[
MOQ%][K^XD[?_ *ZGGD\-WD.W_A(O_($E=
EUXI*L9-7M^.G^@QTR'7_$D
NW
M^U[?_P  8Z . 1O#NB7\:+XBXNSS^XD_A_\ VJOZAX=\++&;K_A(OF//^HDK
MN;W6M?::U
FKV^[YMO\ H





= '*MJ7A:RN)!'XB^]C/[B3M5
MB&^\-W7_ #




M 

M\N








7<=T[$X\N%8]OS-GIU_^M724 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 -:DI6I* BBB@!5IU-6G4 5;J\CM9H4D.!)G'X8
TC5PFR3S(;?/D

Z?K'@GQ1\&K.W_X2?QY/]C\BXWM#Y.V4W#\
Q1L

=CJFEB'R?
CCDQYBR-)]Q67[N/XJ +&C


K7

XB'[J





]) =EQ$ /N3=Z






!GY=\TD0Z(HY$


<((RMO*-[KYWWIZ?)N/EY&UK_P#P2_TR73OA/J4T[E$ECC;


MQ)J%FRQ&-8\$A8XUMFVR*R
SL20%P$!^I\.23P=N





MO%_%_
U[[\1/V=?@[^UECQ#:1?VI?*!'''ON(.A6)OEW1J?E@/7/3MW]U^(W



M\':'J&H^%[8R^&BD8




EW-)Q%(%/^K8P']QMZ@?GNH _2SX8^(+CQ5X3M-6NK

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH AN%5MH==Z]-I'') ZUFZ5X=T?3



MXO:/\.?!?PYO_B%XGU'3&UF98]12RMK6U\UXU8S.A09


D 'TG17RCX/_:8^-7CWPOIG

MM))XOM8-RG.V0++$L@#8W*Q4 JRD9!4G8^+'[3GBWX7V_
!?_BKP4--&O:78:CJ=X^JY&CF::1)T$:Q'SVB\IF&T@OV%



M!VW#&
?^/5]):GN\@;?7FOE_]N#4O#&D^&--;Q#!).LF[RUCDD3I+!NY3ZCK


3&3[W=48=6/]XT[]AB;P/)K'BZ7

M7V]:3EGCAWM^2/GU\!X9K_PYM?VC_C9:Z#UTZQ:3[5][^*WWI]U@WWH.U?3O

OB0=..-0O%
MT\0_]LDGW?Q#^%37TK\*/!=]\!OA7?/J&#?1D;OPG?'=OX9%]*SXGQ56.(67

_%


GC[P[I*6&FZI9_;;JY
H@7SVBQMV;^G7Y3WKRFZ\6ZYH\






MG.F52IU5C
357O.*_P#2DK?
VJ450HTZ:Z'-:Q\0O@[\6M'U;XA?:/\ A&;?

5U;Z9X2T^36? FDF1
MI--23R\^9\RYD=%D'[R
MW^[VKV;_A:FN7DLOQ L[2/P[\
]%)_X1N%HXKC^
MTQ








[A:CBDF?87P)^(TGQ*\'QZE/S<\F0].3)(

MOF5Q5IU-6G4%!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 -;M44R[L4Z;[RTA;:!4J.O
-OE5S/O=
M+Z2);J&.8 -MW]LX





M5\=^.H]-US7I+#]FVS\S68R
RBY9L9 V?+=L%^Z+CI^/:OEJ-LPK2]UQ47N]
2X9?[2NIX[&Y%RRQ
D6T.^V/8NX?+
MUR





M
HV;








M -)1QU4Z6%A2[7_

(H?FE8







TS2SJ9O9.FSS(X
M8X^?=F_2NSC\06^EV

M36?_ %LLUR







XTG4F_T+XM6YV??_XD4G?I_(UI#[/;QY_X6Q/^X&_^- $


M^[_Q(I./6G3:E8:C%B'XGV^._P#Q(I* (K*ST*'SA:_#:XE+8W_\3UN.N.OX
MTU;/3?
)_P%87'_ (/:IQ_9M*F)_P%JV\7G?\ 4DYQ_\ KK0_M&V\O/\
MPMF#_P $4E $&H6^FR- /^%87'&?^9@V^GYU-]CT[R?^28SX_PQCJDVJ6TD






MBTI
?PPN/?\ XJ#=3YO$&@^8@M?BK;Q-_'_Q(I.?3^M:








__$VK3M]!ALXWE7QM%DY)_LI
M^WX^]4VNM-M9OWGCFW_\%

M 

%
E &O-]BA





M=\FTT]5
WQ6MT$GW3_84G./_ -=-^V:;_P!%:M__  124 =
MG;09-Q\.[BU

2:1=G_ .O^





CN++1Y T7PPN/GZ_\


M[MV





E9=A5O





ME1@.[.BY60]-O3OCCZ;\-PW'POL]&\3:EX3N9+C6EF^W7WVV/:!$Q2/]VNY?


_P#@H]XOC\
^#Y?L7ART;;+F.
\O&'ZO


M^&Y=)T+3O-U698SJ5SOD;?AI&BX9W P)&^Z?Z5[0T4=TBI(NW'1: &+@LC0X

M)+)IVAW




W&RVR
M#[R7C?\ LU?0OPX_:P^''[2VL:GX+T.?S=1D\OSAB;A@CR+U1!_RR;^*OSVT




MPGX?T_PGX=TW0M*A-KINEVT5E:VYD=_+AC0)&


DL/4&V@F_O#_GE3 X/P[H/Q




A#Q1N1










3






MHQ^


MX5


K+(ROL/0?.V0#A/C7X'TSXP_'RYC^'/Q3




MTCWS.D*@



_8/^*&DZ?8Z9IW[37BS3[&SMT@M8K.*

]2URZ^'$[73W]U;J;G5
M9_

MWXF^S22SW'E&
3

MI.

2_URPR

M2+&=V
\AUW U?^&'_BM(LA;]J7QHOSC



T7R^1BOOK_@H(Q/[(/Q#RV[Y=/R/0_;[<^GTJ#]JK]CO1_P!J3P_?G53

M7]JSP_KGB/1]('A[6(]-\1QK/Y;/ LO4Q9P&^484-U]:]C)J:6.A/U_(\_'_
M 

M7#\CYZ/P%;X
:3X=_9TT^T^(^E#


'P9\'W:X:STW[8+Y29




M3C:?;TKZ
LOAGXX^

F=P!8;XW7/W!U!Z]J^H]+T

W;C/^-.M[&SANE=9?-<
M_I7@5,VGC^:*T1Z$,%RFIIRQL9)D_P6F


OOA#XF\)Z-J/A6_P#\GQ0\&77E#1U2[CT[RPH$LV=S



&&[E W/\

;COBXAF5NG\%=T\73P]+V%
SX?V/FB/P[]B7DM)*K?Z0'\S_7!'Y QG

NV03)U.=WM7C^






M\=^/'Q7\;:5=:1J4%S_Q*-168!/(CZ1B
==I/\J](_8YTB_^)'@_QYXBGG%_







?3V@^)HM
M9_:4UZYL9_M%YJ+0KG_5^64LB!QT.=A_*N^^



MI_P7OM-LY_AAI*V7V_5['^TFD?SVBV1)&;@\'*[ORKGOC-JWQ47XE?$)4LL
M^'MFG;8?]'.X^7'OYZGYLUWWPYT6'QUX.-K-]E)%XTDWS2[LHV.#T[_ )UX
M_P#'3RU^*_Q*4^
=KYTW]S_9?_3M'WKKP=./]I5HI?9_5?U_PQ4H\SBS] _A
M7(TGA&U

M?3@C\4V


WKSJ]TWPO)=6UI=^#+S63-N;-9D@\O&



M=TEKXML\BX\&26&_[OF7T
N_'7ITQ_6G?8?$EU_S+O3_ *;QUP\/AGPE;9-O
MX=N+7/WO^)M-+N_/I_\ 7J9+7PW:Y_XE%Q_X'24 =JOA_P 3^6S1^#)+]^VR
';BZ9V_\ $VFB




M3*W7TKCH]#\&W%Q'YG@RXBQT_P)[-S^54/$.@^8?\ F4KCG_J.W% '?7&A
M^
+A8_


HVSZ5@7&@^+XI=T'@&X


L?A*

I:
M7H?B5Y%!\&O8$?W[N-]W_PK^M0:_P$_$DG(\._^1XZ\_@M_4%Q!]GT.XL
M

M\3C&WP:]]Z[+R--O^.?Z58M]+\3#.[P'/']+^.O*KBS\):M(/M'AVXNO+^[_
M 




MZ\;36 ']T?\ /.LK3I/&W^8(?ZUQ7]FZ))#
N+_L_1+?_ )E*XY_Z
MBTE'V?1/^A2N/_!M)0!W$,?C:WS[_P#3'_V6I/
\;?Y@CKAXM/T2XS_ 
4E




M24_^Q]$_Z%&X_P#!M)0!W$7_  F4F?

M[1X2N.

_\3:3M_P#KI+A?#=UC_BDKCC_J+24
M7VF\=7



M\$

:;HUDUEIL/







O0]J^B?AS\1](^*&BC5-
+^^W]\]A^-?L1)'(V%_A-<-\7/AAHWQ?\)W.@:HF], *WS?*=ROV8
M?\\Q0!\[_LD_MC^&/BYX-:#5[_[/J-NZA5\MFY:67/2(8^Z/6M+]MKX]?#?0
M?AG-I^MW_G37 0PKY<R\+/ S](R/N^I%?)?C;_@E;XUT'4C/X*NW1(B?*(K


9;IG.:^B]#TRWT6Q^QZ;:QM;#)


MA23(S'J+0;
8Q]Z#)SG]*Y*__PLFJZG(ITCX87&!G/_$]C[]/OP?7I7W'X
M5^#/@'PJ)(=.\.QVJMM \R=I=V



MY$?]KV73OR(



7
MP79]0\%?$[^T8?X;'^QX5VGIG?+-SEG9_P .: /TT7=W/FOV_P!FFQQW$








MGAFZT+7+82Q#:4E^;


M%42


M_P#@GI\2T%[+_P 6YU '[ WF1MN*0;G7EI'&)[M.J]Z^EOVBO@GHG[7GPYT_



MY S^H:@#0M=K*67H:GJGIEZ-0A-PG^K8X7\*N4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

MV(:2^U=88(\G: SL0!G=7$G]HOX40S;7^)O@U,1DM&/$%HJ@XW$^;G'X5P
M/_!0O'_#(OCH$

M5:5HWA^\9%MM6N-0@BM;@LK

OMVJV?F!(*C(


MTBZ\=?&S5K;
FGK)-=+ 9[B

\'WVI:GX;TR

M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &5




61V
\/S?)@

LFT^X/D7]L%5

2Q9WN/X-_
MW6'OVKZ5_9W\6Z=?:3I.H7


;A82]V-M._G\CTJCC7I1G+=G+:E=


@FL_MRCS2FVW'$_R



/Q^\3^#=6F&C^%I++Q%X/*?V?J

M_
!]/\ %WB[XF2_9VNC9VC_P!)^5D9XI/N#;]YD^\%_'G'
MR]7#/%7E5?


M;+;K^-F#G8J]9'/8#U]Z\#$8'ZJWR=#VJ-4]$L850O(O63&?PJW4%G_J0:GK

M !1110 4444 %%%% $%PGF84_=(Y_

M5XM\$_%UQ^R/XFN_#WC;3OL?A760/(F\S=L\F.5W^YN;[\J=A^-?5?Q2UZT^
M!GQ

M&/-W9\Z(H?\ 5



M:2=/_L^\^U31_8_

H\D
?[M8W@7Q19?!WX=ZS:^)[#_A

M?:0)'NIKO[%]GC$+85FWR;F9E^ZN
YYQQZYXN_:3L/#6IVW@OXE:3_PD7PZU




I8^7(V=U





#J^CNZO@1:63







G_+U]G*_\!N+A

H_P]*]/_8EL6;PCK6FO]V(08_X$URW]:YR6SC74

SYL\7?%[2_CI\-] \&W4FRX
MLVN@X^;YO






M%W@_3/&6GFSO[83KD$'^[\RG_P!E%=!(&.
=.]5I/LTGROC=0!\G^
/V$/#9
MN+6YTW6SH;X/F$03R[\*@7CS2.
'L.M9L'[





M:9_Z+EI__A&V?_Q=?83?O
4WRZ /C_\ X57^TA_R\?''3_\ 9_XHVS_'^.C_
M (57^T/_ -%QT_\ \(RS_P#BZ^PE7;FG4 ?'?_J_P!H?_HN.G_^$99__%T?
M\*K_ &A_^BXZ?_X1EG_\77V)10!\=_\ J_VD/\ EW^..G_[7_%&V?X?QT?\

ML_\ XNOL&19!C9^-

MZB_X5_\ M1?]#=;_ /@BT_\ ^+K[(:

MX(M._P#BZ&^'_PU%_T-UO\ ^+3O_BZ^QUM[?TI?L\'H* /C=?A_P#M1?\


MY7X?_M1?]#=;_P#@BT[_ .+I?^$ _:B_Z&ZW_P#!%IW_ 
77V
MO;^E+]G@]


MX_7UG)9V\F

L_P#XNOJZWACM]WE_Q=:F\R@#Y%N/A;^T.VW_ (OEI_\
MX1MG_P#%U#_PJO\ :'_Z+EI__A&V?_Q=?8'WZ/+H ^/6^$?[1EQCR_CCI_'7

M0]QC_B^.G\?]299__%TW_A1_[0W_ $7'3_\ PC+/_P+KZYC:.7.P].M/\N@
M#Y'A^/[0ZY_XOCI_P#X1EG_ /%U)_PI/]H?_HN.G_\ A&6?_P 77UDR[:3^

L_\ XNI/^%)_M#_]%QT__P (RS_^+KZR
M9=M)_#0!\E3?!']H=L?\7QT__P (RS_^+J/_ (4?^T-_T7'3_P#PC+/_ .+K
MZZ5=U.\N@#Y#_P%'_M#?]%QT_\ \(RS_P#BZ/\ A2/[0Z_\UQT__P )S7_



M?_X1EG_\77UYY='ET ?(?_C_P!H;_HN.G_^$99__%T?\*/_ &AO^BXZ?_X1
MEG_\77UYY='ET ?(?_C_P!H;_HN.G_^$99__%T?\*/_ &AO^BXZ?_X1EG_\
M77UYY='ET ?(?_C_P!H;_HN.G_^$99__%T?\*/_ &AO^BXZ?_X1EG_\77UY
MY='ET ?(?_C_P!H;_HN.G_^$99__%T?\*/_ &AO^BXZ?_X1EG_\77UYY='E
MT ?(?_C_P!H;_HN.G_^$99__%T?\*/_ &AO^BXZ?_X1EG_\77UYY='ET ?(
M?_C_P!H;_HN.G_^$99__%T?\*/_ &AO^BXZ?_X1EG_\77UYY='ET ?(\/P1

L__ (NOK)EVTG\- 'R9


#:_91QC]YOS0!ROP[^

M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111


MS)]E5YY)H_GAVH^8XTZ$XV\X)-9'QP^#I^'W[.NG:_\ #6WDGU2U\WS1'.WW







?S3R %]

#V]2*QOG[ GQ'_:

1[4BE;Y)(V5LI+(.HQ_( ]3\$_ 7X:_LVZ9#?V=M'I
42M]J=W

7*X\UNG7/?%=GX)^)'@OQ]*UYX;OX[V\=@?ECD7;G.?O =@W3TK



=:U'

K_ _)E@$R#URI_2OS8_9]^/Q'_:G\.Z]'KGC3^S;.
0)

M\4:Q8Z5ITGB[D-L/LL=PL62%?'+(W_/P?2@#NOC=^POP7\&:SXJ\+^+FU3
M6-&
9GMFC9


_P 0/B=\?_VIKZR\(:9X'D\&Z)=H_P!H
EW8WGVG8!+'

N]+EJ^^K


MLVVM_H/B)'U6[9=TCO(NSRS-(.$C;/RRKUQT[U]0_M?M:? ?Q1\*[X:SX@
MMIKEMGEV@@N@3MN(\@


H



*Y/F%\?PGMWH _*U?&'[07[!J6T_B1I-;\%W1D/ER?8XO+V[F^^OF





?[5




U&S

_5LA



M_#+^U+;1-/\ [3MS9VE_?&[

:R9BC1II)/


MMDZG[P(BX.3Q^- 'RC_P2;L-;B\(_$:[N)+C_A&Y+^R@L(7F4PQW1,T_EQJ
MQ@Q26GS!1N4(
DH0N/^V9_RD/\ @?\ 70?_ $[S5^A6[RU'EIRO(0\ G'W1

M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** ,?Q$KR+EO


?W;?+R@V

_=^9=O3G[V.E?

M82^=JFR23R\2Q


M_P#9:]P_8=TC0=(7Q58^&-:_M_25^R[+W9(F_(N&/RR?


S+_P&N5\0: NN





O@?X





M]Q@B^R;

UHT/W=W




!V3[OX]J\(\/R:K^R%XD/C

9K4Z'Q_\

8[YXX'7OWPJU
M7_A*[KX)7D5Z

)MXNTOR1XD
MNO/6V^Q&4[K3B9


ME_F

WBNU
M^-

?\(UKND!/L
WVCS/M@F0O)Q$BJNU%3[V?O\=\_-'P?^/7Q+T[
MPWX@\'QV?F261@V2?N/EWN\K_P )/]_N*]CV%6O-U*5/V3TNK\W;KUNO\CSY
MU.6JT=9\)_BYX^U+Q5JWP]O+W['HLIA^R-Y$)S\CW$G(^;J.Y[UZ;IO[%E[\
M%=!U'6]&\4EM3(BS']G;D^8(QUE(_C/:L'X0_LK0?$KX7^'M;FUC[+XDLC/Y




MQH_BWP[(][X)9I1XJM71OW@SY=FPD=W=-LLY;Y%YQST%;^AVOPON+.XUS2_'


M

E


2:'-:M#Y4



:7L9]I\]XXSO* =E?@#K7@GC+P.?VM+H+X9\.R^&+*)CC4X[I9P_]



0W /E3G[K ]

M'_Q \

?]+YZ,<=JC\,^%==\,^&K+5;OPO]I-(1)]N6/8-VP\!CGDGKB


+][C;I\
G;C_ )9=


)!
S2ROM*^8XX8'/4]*\^/V@ZI'\0/'%Y_PM2W




M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%

M7Y9^'HOC=KWQ:\7^(OA?''HVF6;VF6D@M;G.^W96^63D?=E^[Z\]!7T=\2?^




C??MCT




M_:$\87&C:59^9]IV@L'F;A(Y'_B1
?ZFOCOXK?M@77[4GAKPY\*/AM9$6^I?
M:6OP=O\ RQEBN(/]8B?Q0/\ =;Z]J^N/@/\  WP_^QK\&&U'4;'S-3L]QD;)
M! 
\J@Y#2#[EQ[]* /D_]K+]ECQ;^S?XCN/'OPEAWVG[L:H/W9VG;#%#_K7;


&&3GSHMA^61^XZ?E!^V+^V%9^#9XO 7A.4W7BW5UVX^
M;]VRK!



9;5;2X7R\L








M!BY;&^/.)O.ZJPSR!_%7YZ_LA? KP'=?M!^+?!'B:VW7-D+(6
'F3-YC/:2S

M5WKYCDEDW-972F2
PX9/
X1U+9$(Z]
5\*Z#XH^(O_!-WXA6UCXG?^VOAQ
7
\'W-N-G.<C'VUX/\3?;]K[P#
ND70UO3(_+
J8N(R@

MNJ%LFW/3T]Z .Z^%OQ5T/XM^$[;Q'X9OOM&G2;C_ *ME&T2O&!\RJ3S$U:WB
MRXU67PU?R^&[?=K.%\O[O)W#/W_E^[NZ^M?F+K?AGQW_ 


_OXN:5\:/!6G^,?

M!(\8^^JGK&W84 ?FEX5_9'\??M)?&C79_B)%Y-GI/D8_U/(EMR?^63K_  PQ




MP![

G$7RKC;']=WM7ZA^#?!NF^%=+;2

M8U)([6:'R#
7:/F11NSLDZ9QMYZBO8K?$\OW(H GI:A@^\XJ:@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH S=:68PH89-F#\R[-V[_  KYA_;8U:&V\-Z8;KP[)K:XD^6.^\G;\\/\
M_PE?4.KML*B;N?EKYK_;
CUW_A&]-_L&]CLY
2;VDC5\_/#MX;CU_.O5R'


?^6K%OO._I7S5^VWX+LY/#S:W


TO4#;LN7VXV))&??^&OG
MKX[:QIFG_M%:9IFBVF9'\[S/W[=K2+'W_J?N_CVK8TGX\ZC\
=
TKPCX:B\V
M'P^)CK/^KX\]C+!]Y/[K/TK%\77^J:Y\5M'\1Z;:?(?M E^[VMUB'51Z'I7G

MY.


K#&/FZ ]:\K\<:QI7QFL[#3;KQ!N:/SOE


M@*6X=VZD=:]ZT/P#H'@SP_?:/!?;&NRN9-D@^ZQDZ;CGK7YT:UX;\'_&KXT2

DL?^LQC;QG

T2V=K?AY;7'B*/
KGR7XB^)_PUM[J3P];7T?@W3+


''EM

_Q!NO
*;J2'[/MC5EX9&#;M[=
M8VUXY_PT1JG[4NM7&@^#_P#B17



M6/!63CBX8D_
9.F.G/:O4J^SPN+FH?!:-GZI-_B0I5
3052.S/*O&6EZ=XD^


D9Z?SKBKWX\^*KSP






/N2MW

M%)=:/HO@;Q-=Z4VZ%OLPS\W.)-G=CZ^@KY0\





M'C3Q;:_$GQSH&C?#;[7:
MB)+[^T83M MT
WC32;_3-
M7EUJPU8S?VC

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

893!YN=I5S\I8#^$=?6OSEA\

M[.?P5@\(Z*
ZWJN2A[_N[JVE;KN'W;ANI%9__!.CX4LNE:K\6]5U*/4I=;$7



1MZ%9H0?


MM7W!\-?@KH6@_!6S\!S 7%JJ2*\^YF+%IWF_B8D?]]5^8/@C]A7QS\


^

MELR'I&4_B8COVQ0!S7[/GP;MOV?_ (5Z5X6M#MU3]\H?_MO+*?O



M?'I0!Z#_ 
%




'VC_7Q@[_ 
2?\*OQVL*G$7;K0!/#

CZ8I] !1110 4444 %%%% $
\/G
A_NTR\M%NK9HGB24$8P]6:


#V^E 'YZ_P#!/W2[#6/C)\6T









M1[]3OO

M_=&!_L\?$_'.9/N^G/:O*]2^$OAS0_@]IT/Q2UK^P[O5!+]K@^RR+M\JX_=C

/M^#OQ


M *U0G^HC?H37W!^S7-XZM_@_:2?$+3]GB !M\?[GYSYTNS_5?+]SRJ /8[4P
M^=
L?WUQO_7']:LU2TF:YN+-9+N$03GK'Z#M5V@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

EFP8+
M-(B\/R/E]*^LQD\3#%UTWKI^2/E

MUC!?XGZ5V4



\1B%##4K<L$K?H1A9<G


S_VHOBYK%UK6J6E

77Q^:XNM-\
^/O!UQI]D/-$
WV[KT

M:


M_&OGJ.%GEM7&SP\^1J

_V

E

2G9C(^[US[5YCIFGWNF_LGVF@+XXC\$WOAL2CQ3J

MY+



_$'B[]J*
M.T^*T']C:M;_ .IDWQS[R;0LWR1*%'R1K][/7CO7H7Q@T+7?B[K46NZ'IA\


MI_M/4TC7_2OM

*7-;SV_K?YGL1QMO=/TDT'Q VNJ

+$LP*;6XY]:FKDYI
M2UEN=:5M HHHH&%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110!2O?--S:JLFV
D[UV9W=


:1D@+O[9(7^HK
MJP^(EAYW6S


9?\ A([86_VW:0G[D\*A'5=Q/RRIZ?C7U'\6-)^)?A'Q








MM\0_[2U.UPT:?9+Z'[*K;I3]Y@&W+$?IM]Z]XU#6KG]FO1[O0O$S?VSX;D4*





M!&J^!/B9I\VG-JGVKXNJJF;3-D@\G#%E/00-FV0/QG&/[U=62U%EM256NG)M


M=J9D^=5^_P#+DCCTW4OA'X?^

:3I;?#K5(Y?B-I#317<4EE&WV$2N?+ 60B-_
@W'


M_P#D$

,<RVD+I][
M_:7M5KX9SW/A^&W\3K=_9;&Q1O,_=[MV_=/YG\Z]#^(^C^)M-_: \:^(O#N
MHQM;ZD;


M)DM;6=V;6O

68@)H<[L=55ONL.GTK
MI?&EC/\ %7QQ9^'OAG=BUMOP8:VNQ6W+<1J;7ESD?
DGW2W7G'&?



M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@*;S/EV=/XJHSS-E6VCWS-U/I5B^CEF




MKE D;-O(=D;[W/WMU8OQ*^#/A/X[^%W@UW3O.NL$1S?O(]A#+GA67/\ JQUK


D=8[/(!DW?-N)QU^@]



13P_ZV)3SY
OW6'3GM7VW^SK\



MO$GQA_:(L;GQ?\3+#^S_ (?VJIY


M$YVH)&.7F0?.W?C/-:'PCT/XA?LG_M$ZGX6AT\I\
=0$?V9O

M9Q_I$YZX_P /J_QQ\'?!GQ)U_2KOX@V DUJ


+ZG^RX







M.J.D7DMY9I)-%Y4AR2-RM_$1U'TJ]0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%





ME_BKIH/$7A#P#XNO/BKXUO1X7L-5PL








MX64YZ-\B=^GXU[)\7/#UAKGQDL1X[T_&C*TGV2]W[=W^BQ[QB'YSB3;U]?K7
M@_BCPKKW[+/VR[DNX_&?B74UB

MQ#JVEI\4/CCXUQ9QY'V?^SUA\LEFM@=]N_S981OTX_&OGLS4*V/GBJ6(]UVL


MHOJ4CK=_://8H@V


\9^-KG2O'%
MC_9_A]&!TJ'-LF
HC3\P_





M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% #'[4.







M3&CS:]\3M1_X1#PC9E7AM/LRR;]S 'YX-KG][%&W.?O\8YKY7#5)_6*F95J?
MLW*UJG-O96^'KM8]248U:$9

C%C=1%?^6:C


M/#Y$?:
1*-S


MCU;IWZ5P83+Y4

O1/+_P#'KC=_






=NZE
M?[3M9(%F.I%EV18\Q\1;%=VX'.?:O*=9^+WP \/ZH/$?C2QET?Q@N_RHWO+R

IS[]$A$W]DMY<8V[LQ3?=VL?FC7[V
M?;O7B/QVT*\_X6?\08TU?9&IL3Y?V'KFVC;KN/K7J?A'PS#\$?B%?7'A[4S=
MZ/XJA]/\F0?V?\ 9X2J'S&8^9YCS%^ 
9]Q7@GQFO\ X60_&+Q\YUK&KS-8

MA74USO@.19/#5J8UQ'\^UO[PWM^-=%7YQ+=V/LH[(****DH**** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH R]=N(
M-/A74)(]\L *QGTWE5/]*^,/^C7@6UD\.:;XBDO_L]S&TQ5?F/#M;Q-P& /




M2]_L\V_T2&ZA]O\ GF/X17Z57
'VB8'^Y7S9_P $]?!\'@_]EKPT8X]DER;O



M-I&8M24D

W'43SJ#^^Y_



8$NI-WDCUQC/\ ,5%8R.18+I-MPG1O[V: +-O
M8Q_:I[@X+S$9_ 8'Z8JWM+=:BMUE$TQ?[IQM_6K% &;K5E'J5C)8R'_CX&!^



OF2A%^4';L_VJR] UB\_
M:4M]?\%:1\0[+1/FL-+2&/1_
):(/

?WOP[U]GHNU /:O OV/_V?]6_9

M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%

MOAG6I--N?B%8S7





\^G'7/; S
M0 ]J2O




MD&T


MXC^RLGG_ -CZC#=F(MN**_EEMN[8^
XSM..AK'OOCW\

FGY(^<A\!UWB





MULM US4= 

Y
MQ]Y

5U]/K7NXA4S#ZW6GO[NG]=58J
S\*?GX@736VO?\)_XRO2IAM_




ME;XK[Z?=;^MRL1;E5CY!^

2


2V'
MB((-2M_L-O\ NC;AVB^9I3U+O]T#ISVKK/A9J?P;\%_$.31GLGL+R^PLSR:C




?WN]?*XG%5*T[2/4
MITU'1%R!&7))Z]*EJ&W+?
&Z=JFJ?4Z+6TBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** *6L1B:QE0]Q_456U33AJB&



M:/.
O



M/BXV]ON]^S- \$WWQ4\+WOQ(\:7^S6CY2+:^1]P0VY&4XYVCMVJ+]F']C7


MT?P];26OA#Q


S9SQ@@9]&A\5?#WX8_$K4-5





M;+4#/_9O^L^?RP5?[OU3[WK]:]O\;6:V_P );J32(?M*/LS]WM.

ML%0KIT(ZN2.:E6G7@XSV/D+X-1V?B#7/#NC^'[S^RA=&X%Q\DD^_:LKK][@8

MAV7BW5M*^SMHC'R#O5=WFR
C=
_[/\)ZU)^W/\&[^Q^



]!M;LZMI.@K:_V?JGD+&+KSKMY)
+]Y-K#;\W7''0

M0?9X9_WGV;9?29PVX[\[Q]

M/F2AFW38QO\ F;MVKH:_&*2M&Q]E'9!1116Q04444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444

T-

-/AAX=DN-&D*J?,N[=]A%R(./.RY^
M<GHIZ?2@#P_]G/P0FJ?MX:4-/@^SZ6K71CS-W!TV7/\J](_X*.ZQ#XF^(&D

MYXWTOQ\+B:UV?NQ9SG:7N%A'WIB/7^ U^B'QL_9H\$?&&*?6M'D_M.T+&QN
M8YYH_+WE1+Q&Z@Y51][/3CO7Y/?'S]E7XI_LZZ+?QSF2;PWJJ!YDD:YV21]

M

'XL2Q_

?
8&%_
M%\?TH T;W%G;K /X1G\R:LU%#\V]QT8@_H*EH *CF4LHG:QX#$9QQUQ4E1


M3JQ'F

RW1T: #
M[ 5V'!!.X@@#P+]LC_A(/\ AI[XC?\ 2Y_M'^U&\K/E_\ 'GY:?9/N?]._



NU6\U1G/F1Q_(


_\ %I2/^YD_^Y:=_P /=C_T28_^%(/_ )%K
MZ'_X=\_ +_H1&_\ !MJ'_P ?H_X=\_ +_H1&_P#!MJ'_ 
?H \9^'/\ P5#/


5[:W7]IWKF*:.170@/



U??



M?WC

MD_\ (#B'^]_Z&U6EG$$]I;GK



I:
M;X[_ &F_$EA\8_\ A''\&^&M-$@\MKN*XW^;MGPP*MQ)%_=[T ?K-H:W_\

MSILW^CXE$4!:7A8BW#*/O'OQWK]%X))U\KS =QW;LX]?:@UJ1[D7JO6I:K
M6TB27$^WJ
9_6K- !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%


MO%^G_#'Q!+X!TL:QXR:U:+2K;SX8-L[D()MTP
?[L
TFUAA]FW(W4 ?F_P#M

M'/RLDGT'^T%\7M/^.'_!.7Q#XLLK^QO;JZM-
&I)8*R);7OVRT
\)1B63:QR
M Q)*

M/YY]*\X_81^ _P .O%'[

MH2)1Y:80'G[S


?EPM)+
\


MG


M+_AS\8_CYKOB33$M=(\2Z^+O1KE9H9/M
0GO6SA'9DVK
F0R@\XY(8  \2_9


8(X)R


ZC!#))HTZ@_: WF
MX D=(XWC;!

M@:?!#=79994CM;+8@$D;@29D<,FZ+(#A$$V3\?/#?A'X6_MJ_K18_A[-XE\
M)Z9X4^SIX8TC21J
L_SZ@P0./WI!8S-(2QW*68E@2?4O@S=?&/X*_#C3/F

MK7PT\5?$/1;R_9E\0^]3:;SK37-6\!6ME;V;QHT@E

]!

$^_LDN
M$V@J2.%^&?A7X\_ WX[?&;Q#H_PHA\7^'?%VM7%U!
/$5G92;4N9C RDNP

MZCY7#-$S+\VR5%\IF56(5VX?H?$?@I\)_B[\0OC5I_Q:^

MGI


7 5KE'VE+DMGY%


M?)C$L;;9B[

M+6XAD DBE6&%%E*R1[D=7#)(JNC\L']0^
/P'^*G@7X[7_QI^#LFG^(-6U*P




.TDC

MK:U//#INI7


N=JY


-/A\52:?9?V%JWAUKU+0W-F7


:]9U


JW$PBL%*B($R)S



/=(&+ EAACR5'.WC
MIFO _@#XS^/GB#Q)J%G\6_A[H_AW3%M//LK_ $F^C<-,KJ#\8N)B=P;<'^7
M;Y1'S;QCWNW4*S@+CGKSSR?7WS^= $U%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &9KB+-:F)
MH]ZL.OIR*^6/VZX=)USPOI^DW6K_ -FL#+SY;/T:!N@_W?UKZLU9FCA5U?8%
M//O7RQ^W-KEMX9\*Z;JLNA2:ML$F5CG\K&7A7D^^[]*]?)?^1MA_^WOR9R8S

M



;2W\^U+J/\ 73]D
 &


2+[



(##LCN/-Y6


M3Z5]W






HO _ARX25- M9-.CN3J9!70#C8\6R6 _?
M'/F

MQ]:\(UKX9:Y^RS\8U/B[43K/P]N)/EU QJFTBV!ZAGF'[V2/^[T[C..Z\6V?

M_&.WR\5[+J7Q:T?]COX7^!-/TFR_X0V[\0#4/M4T[MJ/
$V]3@AR
M/CC;G?
3.RG[V#UD?^$5Y,,N592IP=XJUG^9,<1[.7*?9W
MA/\ ;^^'&L:M<:?]I\J_M]HN$_?<91I%_P6.WIG[IKZ2T77K?Q%8+?Z=
)K
M5L_WAT8CO]*^#/ 



?R$'&//=\\RN\G KP']H[4O%O@+P_\
M


I6J4]O\C9U/:.QV/[
_



MQ&A

-%O/@W\44-OI:;!_;




BTDM?L_V1;;S'9MQ=



MX[$TJV-G[+50LTO5)&6'@Z=%1E_6IYMH7@/_ (3G]H#4=:U)O]$LA&;A/[K2





V\






71W7P;XDUL^
[+Q9%J?V81I::9





NS
L;'HPSGRQ^5 'R5^




MVS;H5J6F1Q[
^]/H :U13


M-GX$\?\ _!-/XO\ A?4)%\.6NF^
PZIK=U''%JD6[D2.$'F+D

4TRT.H0 DD'$EMN0'Y



6R3TQD\&OWE_9

-%(O9E/!]Q0!^+O[1O_)PO
MQ2_[&K5?_2R6CX1_\+;_ .)K_P *M_X33_EC_:/_  B'VK_;\KSO(_[:;=W^
MUCO1^T8KO^T)\5%3 =O%&JA7/.P_;)#NQW( -??/_!*_Q9I$?P;U_03J=H-=
M;7+J_&E_;0;S[+]GM5\XQ9R 3WQW% 'R5_QEK_U6C_RJ4?\ &6O_ %6C_P J
ME?LS;JRA@Q#

BARIY); !H ^'O^GGQ
MR#+HOPBTV]4




B0L5 (1

GNM&EE



MT']KKQ5HP_X]V6S=?QL+AO\ V:@#[X^(?@%?B-\
KGPC/=_89-0*'S_(:3:4
MG2?MP/NCK7Y3?$C]GGXO_LGLR:9XM_XDDI4)+_9T+!@I3CYG;'^N[@5^Q=Y


M7[

M\LVO/DS9E
H:3?)$3R.


MS)&88BC(1


54
M\(_WP;X?^-/B;6M8@)=&W2
-NP=MLT3=/PZU]+7]^O5WTY7VZ+2Q\W'X3B
M-=\8:E-J.L^)-

M?4-+UPG_ (0_PF(O[

/E^;B4I]_UXXKOM8\:2:MXBO]1^R?9Y



K

.$(ZC//!'-;?B:Q\(^&-2M_OQ M/M'@;Q$Q\


MPF\/^%[CPEXBTG3_ +!J
QO!/^\9M^/LZ)U]

M&\(



UO\ Z[Y3F
3?ZO\ N\]JNVGP
MSN?V@O$FG^#_ (AZ'):ZEH_G%MEWMYE4L/\ 4NO_ #RBZ@^V.:[\GS.KAZ/-




M'X]OI[6?VK_A9\0/!%SI%C:QRZBK1E;.-IH_+_?K+]XQ@#E.Q[5YK\$?VNM$







%_%GQ2TVSGN_B%\/I-4U[3RGV.^CNK.$7'F,PFS'&IQ&$^^?IW

@!RB2]&7IWXKRC4/AY\-


9^8
M?+GCDUPL/B#P+\


MBKK/Q


%[[PYIOAR
M76M3@VBRU9+J%0=TDSOF-TQ]T;.3VKK?$WP\TS3)(M6_: \:Q7%I+N\K3H].
M: X&$)

3S<
MRHPYDV

&.3OWJIJO[1GP.TG4=/M_$/A:/POHL#.VGWCWEQ)]KR TGRK#N&Q




JW+1C'^MS['L?!M[X/NF\6R1^


M_K/L$E96


M(2G^L_Y:QLQ^ZZC^ =0?PK+_ &?-(OM-^/ESX;@_Y!VAJH3_ +;V\C5W9A/+

.O3;[U)\9/!^NS:OXJ6/5_(?;:XC\A3_RS3N:^COV=


8=C)\TLI7Y/7GM7DO[0F









R(9$(5\[AE$^



/%'ACPJ=2T*^-F+:X.HV






M^^PZ.CIN;9;MG







$A
M;/F;F9FZ_-PQ/7UK4_M5D;;-#Y0;I[U^;6E_ML^+O@K#X3\%?V?]MA9;M?M?
*^<.R]NGW1VH Z
M2S$'SM#U;&ZK-1PMG/[O94E !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% %#5O,\E?+B\TYY&_;BOEK]NX@_X


M^[77_!;P+K_CCP[XR\)^/TV6VKR:R/EQKN\J5Y)/]45/:/[Q'MWK!\8_71

9CZT9[NWY(^97\
X+XX^-H/A_X
M2
5SUL
&/_@3Q
?_ $

M-5OIGVK[/IML[-

FRS\
?:2Z_O.3=(%7V^\ZU\J?$[P





= /X47M^)KYX^+-BO_#0-AJ%I_P @N'S

M;^&I-*GSA]W')_RS_V%.?F\OKZUSX3(N:,J]&?[PO%?9/TH\$^%__@SP_




F?F53R'_ -H=



MF?V19Z^SFTU;S _
!-Q(=D0+'
DB+RP^]]:S_C)\:M

2



M..[F4$[63D+-@]?2I]
^*'BSX4ZQ+#XM\&?V1IB[187WVZ%_MF8_WOR1J638
MT@7YNO;H:^H?#&N6_C+1K?68E1/N**'W8PQ4]A_=KYG%YEC,%V&=^;=GK1
B4EJS#<QZ'I4W

M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 4=7D1+0^9]S(S4$L



TZ


MCU)T\S'7_5HH'[N

M_P!@_#52BS:KY\

3E


(Q]Q@OW!'V-=.48?!XZ






TK4FN_P#CT$NW\613_!_TS]:G&9;2S5_7
 _=5TU\



_Y


MDN3X'T^.YCQ(BN#+N4^9^]?G Z?_ %Z[:ORNG1]A'V?8^MCL@HHHK484444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% #6I
%_$FI_
M NPET'2_MEE




ME\._V_-(N#^_AB\K&+^(D'./3^&OI5/VR?VDKG3EM?G@XZ;''NY^T:;+N#
M
2.L0(QD^O6@#]!/@3^SSI/P.\/WNG::
R79B\Z3YOFV-(PZNW_/4]
56_:W

M/G_@5Y=M7V57P#_P23U9[KPCXXTUNE@UD!_P.2\:OOZ@!5IU-6G4 %%%% !1

MK_C7XH^





M/WB

M*

M
DJH=K11*\P/!)@VAMS+0!QWQ\_X*!_#_P]]J6AZ?!-XS\56EPT$^EV+M#
M;6TBF

M_@FTT+6]1\-V^HZQ:S6E[K'BJ2WM[G5TD\O[1$!-U@_U0
 RO*E]SDNP!\CZ

OWA^S=^T


MU_X)]W?[._Q:TKQM;_$V?5(+6&X@NM/CT?[



9




ME96FC2ZBLFD1RI




^
M%[C4KN/SO.D_MR\C\O
5YUUYEB_W7FCS





N
M
_8_]9_#+ 7^ZF.Z]:\6TGX)ZC\(5\+:GIW_ !Y7/VG?]WHN4'WB3_RU/I7K
MY92HU






M#X;WG!T7YAN
?^AK^]N&



M\N2.#9LDC=?F9.?];+T/:O8O$GC[PGXKU'5K*?Q!'X
9&A&HV$E@U]OXW1 %
3Y
MOLWV.2<_



;;


; 49S]X@98^NTG@=Z^,/ '[3
MGAW1-,\4Z;X=\)QV^NPI;2 /<*YG4@L<9C(7$?F=^];7@']H#XG?[22_C'X
M
RC4'U&W4)AV4D*BDGYGCZXKY;




MA*9+OQ6
B4QEN




M=2WPIO*S-/+^[@4C_EI$OS$??X[UPWBG]G\VOAA]5\

L)2:1B1J@W+G$LER3LMT!7YDB'WQG=W
M&:]6FLO%G[.5A#X
OM/^U?!JQ!V:UYD8\G)65OE.^=LW




MH!1/
</LUP

GKZ?TC*
/W1;_ &*?!UYH?AGX



M^\&#)O 5ONC;TYI/''P/T_PS



@/ES^5TN(OSZUW/PFOK:3X)^)+:[7[/)

?\ ERF8C*\?




M8

5THR/O3X0PM#X-MM]]LMF\SRODV[1Y

^$ZY\)V\GV'[#O

M4R@HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


M ?Q/'X3\4RFV

XZ
M?E6A*RQQR

MF0X.2\G0]OI7S;\=_P!KWQ3^T)\0M/\ AWX8US^Q;99?M7[B.7S-L7
?WD
.]?J3-;
MC4FN[:3[BE5_DW]*^/\ _@FS\6O^$J_9V_LR348]0O\ P^2MQY:;=GVBZN9$
M_A Y7'0GI7V)=74-K<11/TNS'_@*Y_I0!^9W[#VJ6'@']K#QMHA^]<FS;\K
M.X;_ -GK].(P/






MC^_%%F5@O;/4KY+6WF9L_O;5Y'^9#AODSOB.%?(VN_Q[^WQ^UQI'QVGT+PE
MX&N[C4/^F



M4?
%




H:?<PO!/;W
M!DG1@5=&!&TA@2





MXW'UQ=S-_6@#I?B3\4-/^%_@=-?U1XQ91J?





MN\SS=)D4\Y&

M#N ?17P/^+=OX1_91\/-H[1^)=35;EHXHT^SES]NE8C+\?=9J\SL_&'PO\!_

M_P%=:_8+(VE^?.U]]IWNLTF!@*FU5'WCSOXZ&N%\:?L=^,=2\06'C'5OB%;
M:OXFTL3+'IW]E+7\R


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
_6HY9




MTSG/M7SO\1_@;\0?V7/$&FR:?XCCN8KIIO-9[2
[-H3'#.V



O1)Y3R
9ZCN*BEBG1GB_J[
MT]S_ (




M








M^OO /@]X]1N?
NK@C=!LV^5M9^
[B#G=Z#I7K59FAO))'*TEM]GRW!W[MW7M
MVK3KY25^9W/9@K12BBBI+BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@



M *QW:/Y8=D?$5L.I[\5VRC2RVM%1H^REI[W-S?.S
5']V/\ V#9O$UK\0/%6

YV%B4PQ/7KGVKE/VE/CIJ.AZ[;Z-=G=H[MR?W









17^L.-


NV)?.VC]YSQ;1?^RU[_\ '#]EW0/'EG;^)=3D^Q7]



7EL
M?._=.J?




MK\&UEB\$V45Y)'+J2!OM#1C&?WLFSCM\N*[JO/\ X'+!#\/;S;S[&-I?)N

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
O7X[R6S*V-P+6YQ\L
MIA\S&&4GVZ ]:_&GXY?#?Q-\&/AKI_A/XE^)_(746=8Y3:JN[RY4E;_5NQX1
MHNH'7OS7[/WT
;R12$;IH\^6N_;G.


_A7K'_!7#P7#
MHTG@[QS!R\+WN_Z

MB6WCS]F;1K

MN-6LM7_L^XN

?P?\-Z






M][36SL%)**X)C:



!SN !ROW1^I:TZ@#
M\U/ /_!*+5?


M039]9M+1_0?\\CW-?I_!&L

]I:G;)$QY/8N2W_LU?GS_P $N? _]J-XB^*M





M:=XN^*VGSZ*RPO;Q?\(RD94;8F.)(P6'S/'Z=*\G^&?[(WC[X2_$+6;;X9^.

H6*K

MU]9_X2D7YCQ-]G:+RE22=AU=LY\[MC[M?1DTUI*T0F&UUSM7TZ4 7;?;Y*;?
MNXXJ2HX?N_[/:I* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH





MYXK@RB


MWPG\-^'_ (FW
_\ 8VE:MR-0MMZM_Q\;((?NG^_*/X6_#OF^/\ XD^O&
F




3[7\$^

M)(D;[M[MCHH4?NU/3UKX3U+7OC-\4OC-)JWA6S&I:MIH EAA2W3=YUL%3)=@




M =8C/A^V_M/5'($:?;;[YCM53PZ;?NNW6H/B=H_PH_9]U1+;XK:M'X_\3QD^

2O.%
/DE+?RZ55N-/9Y/
C*0I NZ


_V71O#/FDQ9:7'V




7/E@NE



M@7SPEC]F^S%SY:?ZY2S;G=^G39SUKZ!T[]IGPCI_AK3=4U._6*^OO/Q%MDR?
M*;;_  1D=-O7'6OC

X&=G4=





:IH7BFR_LB+7



S7[WC631I(N-D




M)/B1K M/A?9AD&C&#9@


WW=WOCC.SX7_ &D? _PU^#]UX5:#[2L+*)9_


&WLNTM&Z+R?WF*]/)\-#-*-7!RC9PZ][_ /#')B:_
M-%,Z'6//Q\2^!_$^F^)?[(T+5C=F)_L



?Q=KE%[_[M=KX7M=+\

MGT9U4_X)S7[!=A]DTB2Y;_63D%OP:Z _]J+7-,30_&6LZ:W6X-N@_
-5?]






,M[
MO\SZX****H HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
EG\@Z';_85G^U[;59+KYDP$V;%;YV&<\=#7'?$*

Q_.@#]2_$7B73?
B7/B+4XT
MMY
^0K0

;_
23'&RY_T.!!U3ZUPV


M3A\RAMOWN[



M^#^@2;Y+X2B] V_+L@M;Q.H!Z(_1J^X?VFOCA;_L^_#2]\7WD7F6=H$$A_N[



M)HFJGS[CYOW?S#HJ

DK_
U\#_ +4G_!-=






M ^C?VXO%7A_P;\
K+PQJ6M_V3+=!_*7R))/.VSV\CC*J0

MH;_LNG_V.(S9!'6WES+AO





N&!Z]=WM3?&WAW[%\5E
MM/\ G[S^D*M_2OL\'6C#
*O-_=_)'R$X\T+GR7^PMX6\
^&==\1^(?%8W6VA



MUD'J?PKXTTSQ_P'O@;\9O&&A^*1NT+5GLFN!O9?]777[J



/US7S-\ =6:'XF?%OQAJ8WZO
M8_V4+2/^\KQO$_MT(ZU[Q\!O%EE/

M?^$PN?#?B_4_C





/ &=WM7E'Q*^*
63IC.[O

MANY_L/4]0&P+L\_=MM4!^7?@?*6[=ZY
136!Q#P\':M%*_W=;Z?#8ZW+ZQ35


MM)^(W[1%CX/N_A?-_9FG:*;UI(VAAF3;/\GS&0IGYHYNF[KV[]O\7/BQX5\'





WG*
XD=!\J^R#\Z^+O






KA1112*BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***

M


MWVXG':



7^RI9[7[5Y;6UNWGX

MXQ7M'Q
#%^=?$7VM4.WF<G;'^\_UJ)'_];-=-;+ZV*I?68[Z^NAI[3VFA


M%C



M[BD1#'+@L



6_[ZK[C\
M'?#NVTWX#WTNM&34[K$9;RWD3G[2_P#M$M+1?\W@[2;36+;0O[;TN9)2P\



M(:]0_8!U^

M!'?H2?XEZ@5XK\_BE%^SQXJ\3-??ZG=;

H
MC2G9W[?(Y6O9RT
#]LKQ
\U
M'RM60V)7]Y=+G=!1PO!^4K7T_\ LTZ_<Z;XJ\9^'X+;SXK
6@B;IMW)(QY]
M\C\J\

M^+ ^\O@W:6]EX'LHK2Y^TVB^9Y1V

]T/F
M$#A_O L/F8U]Q_%?X/Z#\;-.@T;QEX=?5=-&X[TNY(/*^9'_ .6;!FRT:?3;



P!]_
M?M?L_VG[2'@.RT_4I/(D@639][G<\9/W77_ )Y#KGK7E7P3_P=7@+X-PO

[RJ$_UF.!(V?\ 6?I7UAIMT+[RKFU(:WDZD#'3@]AW#4^_CT^:

MJ*&%7M2C=&&*L

9Z]: /A'_@H%^SAJLNCZ9\2?_SZIX9%QB+
MY?F^TM!?O.H^[OZ@_AW[[]A#]JV#]HCP&LVM3*GBBV+^9;?+\V^:8#&V-5^

'AQ_)\+\)+







M


M?$OP?\1OCAI=_!X
\LK?B
V]Q'!;GRQ&\;L=K[
_/')WH \]TC]GOX8Z1XV^

C \%9/SKAO@GX;^*WAG5M-\2Z0_P#:
M5FHFW7'EPKNPKQ]V)^^:^GO!?_!
OPXWPGTWPMK.L%_%5N)H]0U$).@EWREX



MK:L+5Y@XDS'
^=N/[JG'WJG\*_$7PEXJ5X/#6LBXG=L_ZF3KR?XU'H:_
OP?
M_P $V_BO\1ICJ7CO7/L\TZ*K@P+T7Y?^64JK]V).U8OQ

K_Y&F&^?Y'G8Z5J9Y'HOQ*^
M)GA'P?XCM)=


GBJQ;58_$&G?Z*(+A(/*Q_Q\$Y[G.!^57]&\(M\3O$&



M75G_ 






M]B\+LO\ 9#1WTEO_ 


2/,V6\^0D#QYW.JR#][ _\(ZUT=Y\$[WXN?$37?$/QC?[%X8(B
M_LO3MNWS,0.?FW?<<.D7WAWX[UP?B3]H;P[\;+74_!_A2X_L'PEI&WSFV
W



MI




M
O;<J=/VM5S[FEX1_8OMO%7PETSQSX$\1&PU
M^'S66#R7ERIG
&/WDH3B..3J.]=Q\+]
_:+^

;_]
M:5YC8?QQQ]

O!8@?*XZ5\CC
P4).#?-V9Z5'#['2_#/P)

&/O=
?U_.HKAV




F)@QG7_2O0#/0\$UE_&C7?#7[07[




M'+

BW
M2UC4
MOC]H5Y:7#%!&\FJ288$





MVCPCC:3^[^4F%=W\0/
A'Y5[

=3J9K7A4Z\O6_0\?%UI0A#M?\ 4]9^%_[9

MC#*HZJ/[IKYV\._LHZ?XX\?'7M'LI+B!LM((Y&7;B(IW?'WD?IZ5]-I\/;?P

P


3
MT_4/@YX;^&WBJV^

S='
O13UY[5RGQ\M_B


MQ)D

M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** $J+[.-V:?*VR-F]!FL#_A)O\ 2O*]\4 =#2TR)M\:MZC-/H **** $9MJ
MYJFUQ[$R]5Z5+=;E9)%Z+G/Z56OKBU2W^U7'$:8W'YN



!?BYI,OA;_A!-%3SO'&CX N/
M/;]\TTCS='4)Q%O^\3UKU3X2_$#XZ:AX'U&_^,5Q'H.G6(C\B\DM+63O)*I
M/[GYCRD72@#P[XB_!F__ &'?B5H7CW0-





MHSU5?XD;H!UH Z;1[K[=9BX(P['#?A5^H;==N[;_ *MOF7\:FH **** (YEW

MM'ERWEJ\$DN_&W=]Q3C&1U]:\4_X*/\ QX?X1^ ]$T.UU'[!J?B83K:_N]V]









$1'

M:9M?&OAVV@^(/P-T_P S1;MV-YJDWEN)]GDPH52?E



=I(VXDP1K_TRXB _.@#]=--680;KF/;
MNKYR_81\(Z]H'P3L-2\1ZZ=;U+4_

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
?5I1NCMU+<X\LGI$


M7Z\=:JLETC#;+Y@[^U27UF;J2']Z8U7.0._2N

] 'T%
M!,DZ[TYS4M5[=46:8+]X8W?CD_U-6* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** ,S6+J*%X(6_UTN[R_
MPQG^8KY-_;ZU3PQHW@W0_P#A,=*DU6%S-Y4<=W)!MP\'=./O&/KZ5]::M\S0
MQ-'OB?.X^G2OF[]LX\=Z-X=TA? OA[_ (25V$WG)YD*^3AX-O\ K?E.<M_W
MS7K95+V.-IS[G'COX*/*_@[\0K3X=_![Q[XI\.64MG:V_P#9_P!EM'E# [IW


1YGF^;;PL.43<,-L[]Z^TQ& GC,Q=2%K/_)+YGS\?A/2?
M!_B.V^*DGA[7(O+L+R-5\4'E_-\NV:6RX'*XP/]5P<_-_#7AOQO^ E]XFUX

MA]N#1E).$VL-KQK][/W^
#=5=_#.O_'[P?\ 8_$4/]A_$:WY^YN\P-+OZQ;8


B1WN[/F1
M?QL
?





M

M7/[4#6T


MZ*#_ 






9/XB?



MIVD^+=(C^(:WP*Q7


-E=:/;W#CS&9FS*6
G
O


M7W
B_?!QMXZFOJS3]'BL%AA11(JY^;R5P
\]OKWKXGO;7PS)XFU^\\-+)X?G


=Z]CT[5#\0/$&E







MO/@@=0TZ[\$R^&M.; 74[K4H[@7 #9++%\Q&W?@]
\&O$K.DW?VMUVV_KU.@

M$P+_ #VZ??!QVZFN3A_:

M\=Y;V+XU$QQNFTR7
J1#&T?Q$]*^%!=:E'JOBSQ;-;_\4-JRVS+)\O\ RR5H
MNP
G^L/?%?3Y'1H9LZV'JKW:?+;YW.'$U.70[OP]\)]!^+7PO\%^*AIEQK/A

%O\ /O7'S(O0'.
' )KVSX:Z';ZMY'CG4+
:%\/-%!%E
M9O\ OI9FF1H'W3+ESB8_Q!L;B!@ 5\R_!KX+ZQX+L-+UI_&L?A[PYJ#3+I5C
M)8M/]M\LNLWS@EH]A^;Y@
YXZ&O3M8^&
GQROCX\\*^
H]3T_2RAGT6.T9/-





MT_Q!;^$/#6N$C4_$%Q:_;8E-O9I;P@0GYN99&C^0#_6@G.T59_9)\.V'C#3?






_^WM][

JQ_
M\\6Z-6Q_P40^ ^F??\ 9Z\)V-M'L-JMT)#EN6:[MF[LW]_L30!^F_@75K;6
MO#=M=6DOFP







]K_ 


L




0L4F
M


MN;6VLFE+EYVMA
995)!1H\SJ@*

MJ-E8)+?6\DJR&ZF)FGC4H=NQ9'=5QD;5!W,22?5: BBB@ HHHH :U5[N-Y


54[?O!21

5^=)]
MN3&O5=JR




C:7+?RR^4D
M2JJH1% +F

4-JLTOEO;^9

M^*=WX=\)V/FZ3X@9!J4W[GY/)A5X?OL6^]*WW?3GM6%\?O\ A.M-\5Z1X5^)
M&D2/X!G$_P]CGABWXACD/\ JOWA_?&/KZU^L_V.TFN+@;=TWRY'_ 1BL?6=
M'M?$T?\ 96J:/YUHPP'/ &&'S#D?
J]* /BK]G#X;6&E^/I[OPII

MUQ')=




M+]'GT_4HP]O)C)]
$-_[+6]*K'!'0=:B98;PC=R4_K_^J@#\SOV@/V&?%WP6

W^@L)OEXDSR
M(P/N1^M '@W[7&DK??MB?#U/%]S_ &?ILS:C]DE\M6W@:?!O'[OGJ8_O?AWK

%%K-]KL4]7?IN'W9

M]FXZMJ
+4 ?$_\ P4TFMX?&_P ,M^K1Z5:6?]J%]\'F[_,CM1QW&/ZU]%^!
M_P!J[X367A*STZZ\96\=TRR9_P!!N.269C_RR _BKY5_X*6NB^.OVE/A_X4

!_I]UR2@]




MIK6RR0+)YXALGD;D=
9'7UK])M2FTVWNK2^9'N6!E1@\8SD=NHKY/_ &UO



M^'NBIHWAO1?)TZ$?)+O\S?N9G)W'YC\SM][UKJX5(8_:QMS_ *M?3U_I0!:M


:H5Z&I* BBB@ HHHH KW$DBR1I'U;/7VQ5
M200W$DL:D?:$QO\ QS_0-4VJ;_(VQ$+








8K+31ME^9G!4#]?KVH \__ &9?@Q_P

M*OT %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11

9^]W(';









MB@21C4-?EPKSC=QB25EZNPZ2#ICI0!YM^RK_ 
$[M'^&=G)JGB&-YM7E^5A(
M6X 


T 4I(YKIRS XB_U/X]?YO
_CG^T-X0^ /AV+6O%U^+:Y&1%;XD_

G


M-!IY\QNU69%&\]JS]:U.VTK3Y+^Y)$





?LI
MW.K:I\

M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
[6F86QVIN&.3Z

Z)U'W:L_ ;P;I7CWPMXPT2PT:7PYJ%TMH(
MRU[]I^T[7E=E&?E7 4]2











?A/5]%6Z#
M+) E[]O






+R/NG=&F*\K

M3/(/B]^SAK-A\(-5T7Q')+J

E.GW#73'&5I1_?2WVU2_!G/1C[US2TK4CJ'BS4O

'/AOP4_:#^'GPFD\4ZNFEQ
M-KVN&TV1R.S


ML9)E


78'=%QL/YU9


7ED1+&
^9USYK=/3GM7S)=ZD/C=\1+'Q!\9+?_ (1F
MTM1

?CO^SWX:^-
M=K8:=K
'[O;(H6$R1;LE'.2C#_GF.M?2Y5G$





M ^
=GH
MSX?\3G4!


!VAWS-AC(
M0/D.V+F)%;C/WOSX+X#_  +^)W@N:S^+/A7_ (FPUT'=X=\N-/LWD![51YK2

(QDQ[YKCS 54]8@$XBC1NO\

M+R/R;9_-$LJ1Q\2

M&CM

O
_V$?C5X);1


MR;&$N$F]/D+G[O\ NCK7M_C[1=/\-?!F\M=+^:S&S
GS?-^_##K_ +QKLM0\

M-2KCL3?^5CIT_84^9GD/P7\;:EX^&/B#5--O_L6K*L/]G#R/-WDSR3CIPK
M=_6NUM-+TSX
0Q^#O!5Q;/\ %W6F83W$T#2E/*/F1[89/W8W6KLO'J
UYI\!
M;2_TSX@^$_#.LZ2^HZ;BZ%]

M(]I$[/5+B'6_'G@S2/C)H<MCKETM[_96LQR!!*!$'D/D6_RC"/YO7CC=7)




B5=;:1VQ*(E%I;85\A,'S/NJ<YYZO _VB)?A5XA^(GBGQ/<(XU.

MO]

^S1EA'YG/!9CUZ]ZZ*N0^%]U#J7A2UO
MHEV&X#DKOW=)9!_C77U^

_TKX1_X**_M=6?PY\%

M][JLL*GHC_\ /4=17YT?L7_ B]_:@^
4WQ/UP9\.0OQ]W[K6UQ .CH?OPQ]4
MH ^B_P#@G?\ LTWWA+P'KGC+7QG4O$2VY3[O_+O/=1]F/\)3L*=_P5@UQK#X


M:\ SZ])SL9
?]_8U_NG^_PE?GA_P37^#]S\8/B5K'Q1UM;0)!]FYZ_N;BW
M;^(?W%_A%0_\%

M4J\5VWAW]EG5K&:&XFGUW4;+3K;R0-B2)
MV6D.X%5V6LB@KD[F7CN.
_9#\




M#3= L+.XMU.1%)';HC)^!4BNXJO:XW2_




MLK_\$_+_ %#6--^)/QAN)M0U.2XDU%/#.I!I)9I6PT4U]*YWY9LNT)5B21YC



M=3$R;ES&L44K_
5M<QR$LCRR9DLH /IS/RD#@ #*\G#=3UY[]_KWJS35IU


M2C



M&N)FM8+Z[MI61$3S
06-ON7




MA7X)^;'POX1L([/2[-@'#E?-N),)F:8JHW2D!2..@15VJ H_+;XP:AK/[9?
M[:2Z!IMS!/8/J)T&PNHGANH8[V$C27



_X43\7/
M!_Q/^

M&OLOP_\ %&PV


ME:&?




M1+^
9:ZFF
N

?P

ACATN+RP
MMS\I)SO_ $K9D_X*#?&JP465UX)N$U/AA]NLAN/TV4 =U\9/V7_ !/XR_:O
MTCQ=)_R#(6G1?H+%(O[Z_P!SW_OOJWC:W6)%^ZF0?QP?ZU^8\?_  4R^*=N
MK6UW\/KC[=TB;[=9_C_!]*2W_PBOQFMV9Y_!
[K)T'VZR^7_QSWH ^H/VT


/\ @G_\3OC[XBDUOXY7[V]H
M1M2WCCB0MA6C(S;3*/\ EC!U!Z_6OTOT/P7HVBPVXL;&*.(L8Q&F
L6Y/4

M^7CRUNK-O]4^.BIU05R'[._[




6:07@N)8&^5/
&V55Z9^_SQFO!OBW



M_8A_8FT?]G/2WNM:1;[Q;=8W-LV[ CS[.CN/]7(G?M0!P/['/_!/&'P'ILVK
M^

3\LG\)#SI_?8?=9.PZ=^WWI9Z?;6UDUI;1^7&
X&/4D_UI\9
B
E
MR-K




*XRK94BOD?\ :H_;D\*? +2Y=$MS_P 3


M=?A=J'B:63&KR-;:##?O6,\,;?P.HP)?XA].]?)/_!._P#FH_$OQ'=?%[Q

M^7TH ;)8HR'R3M9NIKX0_;


M:OXP^(5B+WQE=;OF\YD\O;Y\)X1V0Y5DZ8QCO0!P7['_ .P7J/BJ\A^(OQ.;
M[1J=UNQ!G^Z9X



MCRR/NRMWH ]Z^

2D??5#]^W;H3_ (U_AO\  7XI?MN^+)-=



MB@ HHHH KW$9







M$''7(]:_
WP?_P $^?B!XE_:*N?'/C&#R[


_6%:
M2V*QR^5(1Q7S3^TFWC'4-6\&:7X#UN/3/$T@O=ES-8QW:)@0LV4D^4YC$B^V


23
M&7;))



M2TFH))O6\1 %] EB
?Q'T]!6K\

QU1F\1<^
MR_@'\'9/A986,36'E7:[Q+^_SG)E(_B/]\UX/^S#IMEJ'Q^(/C2RT_SM8M3






I&
M


M8^


\XYWX)_L[_ !J^





M':RN0WM]%;O&LLOE3/GR??&

#
M1;!&B5_+F\O

M-]NOYANT_343YKG#H)
.?E3:K[OFZXP*\$UK4?%^D7VC:WK_ (ZTKP?JNJM/

MF.?:C
^
M'O&GAB/6;N((8_$$$UM;QW:G8S*L(VW9YZQ?
1GJ.IKS36/ GAWXD_%0:CX








M'1FN#G9Y


M_%?AGQ:4\-_V5I_B#[&MI

7E
M7 &%_P!9SGRY3]SZBO??V


%/






MR\T?37Q\_: 3X'MH7_$B76O[3



\8^(/A;\1
M-'TW0HY;93#'&4N!.&1E*&5G4X4O(K!3G8'4@ U'\ -'U2[^ /Q


55OE36OCK;_&SQY\')S8I9:WIVL1QWR[-L
M3N]Q;@-'R3R81P?N\#+8S7:^+-$7XF?MI+I.JZ1:ZKHVAV
;20S%2GDB RHS
MJ3\X\ZX Q@C!Y&

M (:X\7QZ2VIGX0ZPUG&GFFX%U*8O*P#O#_9]KCON!P!W%=+\&_VKM*^*NO6^







L%A


M^// /B71+);O3M%TB/1K2\U -*CNJ3)L;R\9/E/OYV@XR
D




JL)\J2^\T













8=*_)KX
MN^/?$?\ P4 ^-4/@OPG<[_!UOGS5^7JULCCJL<G^MM1T:@MHMEXE_;\^-MU








M
_7M7 _&[QM9^ ?A3?ZG?7'D2J8POWOFS


MOG[]C'X:P?#?X):1';1;+R\
WVEOFYV7

;99
M/PJ6HX9/

^


MQS02I\W\4/1OD8

RS1!
MF52RQRK)&&V@
$R.0#NEIU-6G4 %%%% !1110 UJAN&*JI4+][DLV
#O\




MQ(9+A02/D1Q-;8 ;DQGC@


M*KB^L[2_M[61-*AOE=TN[\H3;P;$(=]S@9D84.Q(56( /3:*^-_^=/[1'C


M4 -:N6^)GCS2/ACX(U?Q7KDIATW2;9[F4JRJ\F!\L2%F53)(VU$4D;G9!U(K

MMH\*V&0.DSLC+]Z.%@1MY /GG]E[X?WO[5W[4DFLZFNDPV_]HR^+=6MYH#+%
M


^(%M\*_AOXC\770CDCT:PFO%@DN
M5MQ<2*A\N .P(#2/MC7ACN=0 21777LP4*0&/ 8\[3CKBOAO_@J%\7X='^&

MJ&3QAXHDEU'^RG?Q)?7$=N5CEU!IPUNCM%L2


M?!O[._AJ#7_%UY.LMW((;33K$![FY/5PB


F^::#!&?D


M8;9)(Q&%

0
 XR..N

M[6VC6.*&-5K&BKPH4#    & .E:- !4%UCA\F-@590.V
Y/Y'\_I4]% 'A
M.O?LC_#3Q?\ &2;XEZYI3:WK

1BX:%UP7$:!0/\ 5?*&




X8L


MX1Z7CP-%@_;/

MOC;!%;D_OB3RTDG;M7TS^R7^UGX0_:4T?3FN;WS/'5J9&EL@)1AF:91]U%B_
MU40[G_'Q/]CW]O/P[XI@G\!^/[O[)/:QQK9MAOWRMYTSC]TF/NK%U/?ZU@?M
M1?L



M$FXD3B*


MS;3)(MH











MW



^&YO*B
MN-QO?]7S@6TR??3/=^AJ'_@F[^RO!X9@7XA7LWFW5TOTQ]K@/\ $?[P[@#
MU3]B[]C&S^!/A\O9)/[=U #[;#)_RS\J681?QL.8W7ICI^7V*L*K$JKT Q

U;MIO.W..AQ0!6N)O)D2+_GKG]/\ ]=6%B6*
 ]1TIC[)
M[B/=U7.*:JR-?'/W!_GU_H: .0^)WBZQ\ ^%[GQ;J?\ Q[:24'5O^6LB1]L]




#';Z?XU;JEIZVL)D@MNJ89OQSC^1J[0
M!2U&.69HE7_4G/F?IC^M5\QR8AC.+:

/B
M

MJ




M_K7Y=_\ !2;]KJW:UA\


:
M28S@+/&


MO$_G6U45LR-AC_U6/EJ6@O=201M&)NISMI\EO#.BDCI]VLOQ-K6G^'[1;W






MKGO%UMKEWHM_;WFG?8-3\4&


MFZIJ_A#P=X?N;3Q#I$DO@WQBT?\ 9
$EU



1'Z_N?O?AWK]2_GPRM/!WT
NH





=Q'YAV8CB=LH?W9S;!NOIQSBK
M-Y)HO[0$TGAOX@

+\[?Q\=Z^9]/\  _C7

<I3W'

_M??&#QMJL_@GPKX?_ .0
M%75+SS[63S'EC
L1P4.
&-_NLW7G'%?


MV.B8_A[5[G:W4.JHLL#F2


;XF@9EDA^7YQY$</_+5@OA^QZUW87V<I\M0BI\)\_:CXB^//P%^

M.6DFF31_ZSS)VE^]'Y8X.T?\L&Z9KT^Y^('QN^



HU*345D\KR$$[$(JJ3E86_B
M'2K5G\(_AS\/-5N]#E\.7'CCQA8A!(L&HW%EL\Q6;GJO^K8MRQ_U?:ML51GB

MD)V@;N#S7H.E^

M6_[C4=(:+;%_K/
$DF?[H08CC]^M?;'[)'[26E^.O@RMMH5F;OQ'IVXWNG _

MH[U]'D






M?Q+Y:Z1_V[S


D32(Z2$G:95 !Z#AA7C7QD\57'@OQQX_;0/AM+?6VJ/IZ2:H^J



$FUMK+M
<=S#<!F1
L%=D

KR?
M\J_
^:RGV_LX0P\;_O):2T7P:^F@SPKJOB?XI_'OPAXGO?AWJWA-=&@NX;V^
MO?


M


_
MH<O^Q_X=@\5? KQ7H]T9%M=2U&YLIC%]X)):1*2/SJ;5/V%/DEBPTKQ#K&G

GRPJ$Y Q]_O61^S#XN7P+^S;XWUW= LMA?7
\7VE@L;.+
M6#8I)(^\V%Z\YJBO[2'QG_X05/&(\+: ?#910-04;$W^=Y)7:TY?*OQD@ XX

MHGZ?E6G^T'K4^@_&+X(3VXB9YKVXM&$W39

M(Y'7_43_ -

MA/VY$6/X5Z






%E]Q]:[\1HTE
M_++]#XG*9U)0G&'\252ETNKWEO\ 









MF74F-MQMYC'*ZE0?F1XUW$ECLP0N *@_81S_P *MU@EY)-8E4-)Z#%30
MCR3Y?\7Y(G-

M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0W

ME8_M7S@85/O1%?N2-7CB_P#!33XS^.KJ?_A#O#OG1MMV2'[+P0O/WX@?O(W6



7R?\
M7PO]V4C^YU'TK[$^


M(=]O

MT[P9X&TS[/JWB 
OVW]R=ODR/


M-Y%F



*QZ%X4D%Q!S=L]Q;_ 
1(7[T0_NMT
MS7Z&_!WQ7KGC;X?VVIZU9_8KF4-E?


M5+?25M]7

MWX(MX=LIO+USQB9-
C. /+L\*+R3+HR'Y)%BVG#?O]Z_ZLU\T_\ !+;X0P^(
MO'FL_$:_BN)%T'%CIS&!XX&N;B
B5HY-ZA_*B#@QLC?\?2GC:




A
M^)Y-4BU
:3;.VAND*MYBQRO([
&D*L7W
[DC!*4 ?N\L8V-\_F*P(Z CC

7B!Q
UZ%CE5H9/L_DF(



PPIH ]\_:I_X*03ZH


MP=AT_P 0^




ML92FE:Y D=U


M^]T6QNH/$/Q$4;6VCIN0-)G;+=


M-]J7Q

M

H8'
M 'J?P._: ^,OQV_:WT34M%UO7I-,NM66\O/#BZ@[6-CI@D59@T9PD1PG;N*


M@GJ

MA/\ P40^+EO\-?V=-7TN*]\C7/%'_$KM((UCD=X0;MRC'/E^3OC+*#AYHA\
MNX$?(7[&WBK1OV8?A3XK^,GBZT^V:EJT8T'PQI7GRBXOS&P:\ALHL D\E6F
M^;8T


M2.ST1M\)9H]Z

M['8VMMJ0BM(TN!YV&DL$V%&/[[$CIG:$()0H!XMX)U'1-)\6:1?Z_I-QKFA1
MR+)=:=!??96N0!Q&9?*8A#A-Q R4#@%3@@ _3S]C?]MKQ%^T=\6/$WAG5O#V



\&( #\K([9



E
MC\
_#-WK=\MW);IJ6O(T-H?+E0*Z1H_F.)%WC$C1

M^+&N:AK7Q

0JI Z#<[C?&S9?.<@  'QG9_M

M):-% $LXD%W=1Q


M#X;VEI;^
=?^P74S_NU9)'


M

M444 4;QV74+

N=I(_.K51;5@R['B@#\V?VXM8\16?Q'T


ME?#[]J+26T_R#X$U 3*+[);C#)81[N2_\ K9#UH X?]IZS\!?&/6//^&.B

MZ0
=.OGECC^S#$DTPVQ(WF9
L*Y8CVZFN_\ @SX?^




9--#7-E


M#M8+^8-$ZPV\A$999


MX
BDUK4-1O+':EP/
C:9!'




I&?O&W^TCI




[_??A?_P3-^%7A72YH_%T=[XZU:=V+W5Q--80PX+[5ABA

MDY1]C@!MKC8=R+E2WK-9'A;PWI'A'1XM(T+3+#1M+MRWDV6FVZ00H&8L=J(
MHR6)X'7)YK7H 5:=35IU !1110!%
<W6K4\GDPL_\ =%5)


6-N!(/
SY9D'
.W[K=S7R

WF
9II9







M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $-TGFPF/\ O54GFCTVS6.3OG%6Y&83

3HWWX!UH _

MXG


^'_@&T^'?@_2_MC'MLH3+AOK


MGX
_#N7S#_IMT5$'U2:$'L?[X]*^ /\ @GG^SK=?&/XBW'Q#U7_CVA52G']Z



8PL94#'^Z*M5!;-NW;O]9Q

/#G[.&D6QOT6_\


M68XVW&1
'E%20?OK3T/7MW]%U+]J?P!^RWX=B^'G[/\ :?VKXEFRSW7F2'Y5










+/MX)^[7H/Q@^+'A3X&Z'=

O%-]]FM5V^4N)/[Z1-]Q6_OKV- &MX[\8:7X-\.RZ[K]Z-/T*(#[2NQF
V

N[

M 'V58F;S+B'K+C=^&?\ &G26NY@:?;
S
M*VZ+RSG\Z9?77V2+=0 Z6W615W=5Z5T-P2 DOEJ/7O7'ZW\2-T.*2;6[P6


$?VX_BSH?Q@M-%
M\70^8MP

M;C[=;HYC\J:0
=K]XW+8SLVO*@/#LOW67ICIWH
M G_8K_8OL_@WI,_B3QOF^)-693<0_-^Z
33JO\ &R\JX^Z!T[]OKZ&
37!)
MCV(F-GO\H_\ K5C:EKNF:-I_]JWK^1& /[W]X)V_OB7X]?\%0_7A.X72]
ME\V[R1+][CA/O0_[1[]J /OB.1O.F#=!C'ZU$S1LV9.W2N.^$_BW_A8W@/2


M$_&VE^+IKZ/3IO.-IL\S[W&[=C[P']TUT= !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 4=2A+!

=)\-2:!968TT(\E\US




;N'S
M;
BT\OV'D3Q']8EK%_:
UJ]\&^]+T;_ )]1-(?^!3QO_PS5[;_ 
$UK+^Q
M_P!G-/$







O)Z=ZQR?'TJM9X.4.5.^I&-^&)[5\!?


MF^T9

M8?NVPC?Z




+5XX)$V




MYG3&7-%






L**** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@*Y7=U5XUQ&J^H-69&VX'K4;
M#8

9A?_ +B&3^YY7



BEO+42.N/NL?N]?NCKZ5[V!S%X2_MMCSZF ]H[GP%^S)

)@KRG'&.









M\:(O#

3W1*J_\ NPE#Z_WO


M:VMKT6FG:8 I3R/

[-N!O;\_P#ZU=?7)_#6.W;PQ;W5O;_9O/W$IOW]';O^)KK*_):4

^&&*J

MFC_V=?R0-;O*UQ++B
L/4^!VLSZ26<X9-5(U*LW3^!.UD^

4ZA 3  6*[<MT6OH
M;XL?!G0OC%IMC:ZU)/UG,)HKRR\L3)QR@9D;
-N[&


EU+++(JSQ$S.SD!+B5%4$]0JJJ@@XXXKK_C!=SZ;\*_

M2MN8[B78_B6-:7B+2;?Q!H]YI5Y$);2^MY+:9
D;D==K#(((R#V(KNC%RIJ+





MR-QE\?\ B5OB4FA_!CX66\U]I.ELB3ZLTWE)*\8YDD*+M:)&8
SD'?(05&0I
M?TB/]A?P5##&IUOQ%.B\B

(R]M.LX? I:13:






/\




3Z=)M@












1A9RBY*K-QYE
M]FZO=_-Z^5SMH

)!';Q[_.S_ '=O
M'ZXK\N/VQ/VOO%GQ;^)4?PN^%5R';Y_M!$:

MV\?A7\[H+#J U35;_Y7A#S+L\K9MZHPY$@].E?'FO?\%2/'OQ*U(Z+XT'[
B?!?_@E#:JHO_'L_VV]Y_=_O(\-^\0_<FP?E
M\OJ.U?=/@3X


L


MFOI_]C _//\ A0!\T_\ !0[XBVO@WXWVFS+NGUCREA&_;_J[RU8_P )_OO
1/*7





C-'96^[N




MG+$[@B




M%O$XOH[-;N.\ANM.F$4UO*H90XW*RG*NZX96'SY ! 90#X$^*'[+/AGX\?!O



!5
M.T;
@'W;^R]JW@?]E']D_P %W/B_6=/T&77X?[=E)FDEEO6G\KRVCA4%WD2%




M-#;X^19F

O


MH_BCPQH_B

O]AG]BUOC'#I_

F4ZU^JMN2TDC'YAPH







MV8 ^




$!5QCMU_ICMBIZ:M.H :R[J%7;3J* BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH :UTZB@A?Z9


(M9(TA@V

M+D.E:7X:M?[6\+7!F\_/E_N


(2C7L(^RCB!6E3
MYBQD'[V4]*^C/&7_!.6+6?'^EZIIGB7^PK&$-OM_(FEW'RU&-XF]<]1WXH
MZKX-^!;7XL1^)?#7B^WMKJ71E@1[WR%!F$S2.
;6&
(?G7QC^U5\#?/[/_
M 
3HKCPAI%S=7N7=_P#3I(@I









MSX2^/GE\C4O)NE(\R/\ ?';DL5&3$ ?E4=*^BO#/BC0/%UK]LTZ[^U)@9^]Q



H9P A.$B($A1O











M?V
?A#^R]IZ:]XFDD-W3]IU6ZGN76;=OB3;$KN%QYZ+T[O-_C9_P %*M/\

2F)M,NIIU=
M(!]GDFFS$AON$<:_
.
Y'0U];_$CX _#OX+^$+:?4+4:IXUA^6._22:! 6E


5I6[

M#[Z=HNAE-NAK-!YTOG 2C



MREC!).NV7YC(OU)KX
#I-!A3R/['2:ZCN7.#<F<EU8L?F*-\W3?@=#7W9&CB5<

MX1ET[0; 75]
0UQ)YC-YI#RD8#L0
)



M\^''P!^

M;C=PG^(#^'WKR#]KWX'^%/@+=^'O!_@2[^VWDQN5O9?WG;RI(OO
1]V4]#5_


UU;1^=P%

M^.U\R^/O^DGQ5^,&DOX3\*V @O[H+D;[9RVW9+W1/EC?O0!ZQ^UA^T1XP_


MS

*$\6_%

@6[2)IN\P.N/WOF16\I)W(HX\KU/6NO\
MV8?^9VI?$#.M?$)I+**1MR6[ALG8TR'_53;?O)'VKVO]C+]@F^^'\.I:SX^



+
MMSC# X_2@#YK_9/_ &L-
_:*T[6H8XOL'B/0?)-]_P M-QG:;R^ BH/DA7[I

G6OFO\ :2_8!T#XN2V-
M]X4UL^#M:MA)]IG

M/P[^SKX;O=




8H FLX8X(PL





6?EC]V)Y_.MM[A$



:M']IE/[AT@D^8AT1OX3VSUK
M\5/CU\9_%?QL\73ZUXTU'S=









M'7/X4 ?'P'_ &-_AK=:.GB#XH^*HW@FW&P:2XCW[6E$O*2D'I'VKZAO?VU
M/@%^S?I

M+



M-(5_AA8Y:-/]D=?\:_5#XZ?#ZX\#?!_7K/X=^%]M]

M3TKXK_8__8


MDGF^;S+5@

M]?\ !-[PQ\4O&4GB!_(-T?,G;,G&R.)1R)1C_5GI0!X1\7O^E^N_&#4CX2

MLBGE,JR)R8IRK958^@'3WKVZZ^&D?LK_ _7;#X;Z8;C7MUM]KO?/:3;B\W



V 1/9N
Q?*/W;KVK@?AS^S)\3_VI


M_P */!/P]TU(_#^C+;6L9RI#L_5F;.YCD_







M?*F26-1+B)1)_&QX=VZCO^7TS\*_^O&EZ/I
=EX@\/R
\?!:2[V]68G&R#W
M[T ?IQ&LC32Q^;YB.!CY-N/6IX(4M-RKU[U\2?#/_@I]X0^*'C[3M!LM.-C]

MO+M39E)HX(H-V))6/R1=/E6/[WX=ZS_B=H&D^%_%FEV=B/EA\U1][_GG&W?_

M+R






4M]G7YCC]XV[D]?FS7RC^R
QDTNVCY-Q).TF





M_$CHDG]IV


_\$[]



O(





MXD?3=



UI)7=K
MW[&



M\2^/+CPU\)/A7I\@\


/B
OB;Q/_8UW_P 2

_F7TF?/?
M& 2&;;@=!P1TKKZXOX6

-G\Z[2OR&C\'W
M_F?6*7.E(****W&-;M313F^\*@FSY;G;N !.,9R1R*7=/3J2

 [8
MT!9@ 5Z=
BN






RDX8 ]5K9FSY;G;O !.
9R1R*WC)27
CS91G3ERM6
M?8E^]].]

MULKAMH9 PY5&'(8=
MZD\(_M!^ ?B%K46E:'X@2ZU!E:5+:2WFB


^=9N-(UK7S::E#M:2+['<OC<H9?F6
@_*1T-4JU.U^8R_LW



+QCS

C6M@
9A

M-+^[)90?W:-CE6ZXKG/^&M_A6S;QXE(51AG-A=X4$@=?*JO:4T^64M32GEN-


MQ)+.Z*6$

._

MZ /S)_8[\.K\ /V]O%'@6[AO&^T6^H:1I
TDJ3.T(\J\MY)VC^3+VT*N0 #N
M=057.!^F]NX8





K2N25PNU3UZ'G*D


TN5:1Q&B%5\M!8


M?*%&%'84U:=0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110





X^S

?,]J]RTC]DR^^?PKUV75];_X






MGV=WW2/?M7:_;Q]\2OB]\)?#P\ Z!)9:SX9\\ZSJ$D\
GVDSW3FW&)=H&U




MQQ]=WM77Z-_P5_\  
H;[=I90\8/VA_QZ0UZ5_PVU^SQJ4
-UJ^KV-F9\^4K







M1Z3KA3:&D$




D=PFS+NR# 8K\R
GW?2G2?&[P?\8/C#\++G2=1



SX$ZE



WB2YW[KCS)B'9'FB;
MB1BH^5Y/2@#ZP\

#2&* 0EL;B/XJ
MK:5]B^V7OV=]USB

]*TZ &JNVG444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

ML5*^8^YEQEU ^[S]XK^=?FC\5/C9\2_VP/%Q^'WPAN#I?A&


M'):R?P[AR5C8_/ ?7\._U%^SI_P3'\

0=)2



D

MYW//\JIZK_P3S^/PKTU=1^(&N2-@(02?;(\9PG5)23\SQ]J\.TOX0_M:^$

A2S79\S.?ORDGYMW3'2M_P5_P $T/BE\4-:74?BEJTB1C@P



MA74\-(W]_P!NE 'R&-0_:D_:MU2[O])ADT/1U6
-%&EB^[*[.2'1N&A;KZUY


M)^^U?]M?XEK!I$MC)IUC6"--/;)+9.3N#??05O^ O^5?B7Q9J
E_\0-:F


M ?+_ 

+U6@6'=MRW3M4E1Q*RYW=.U24 -
M;'WCVJK-I\%Q())8$F;L7'W:N44 ,C55&%J!V6GT44 %%%% !1110 4UEW4



M-U3T4 0V\$=OE(HTB0= B[:FHHH :U)3Z* &K0R[J=10!DZ]HVF:Q;#4XHY
M8R%\SMTS_2O)]8_9;^&^O77GRZ;'(V26V2
N
_[K#TKVF9MN/W?F?TJ)KA8
M^'C\L-^M 'E?A7]G/P7X3N'FT&S^RNQ4R_O&;=C.WJQQU;\Z]4MX5L[5(CT4
M86D5H8FS%U;K5A?NDT 0VC.S2;NG&/UJS3(Y-Y(]*?0 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!GZS&TMJP

MLWW8Q_

GC#4X[N*#[!]B6.TCAV[I





8?YHF&['EI]X=^.]59_P!B?3O&-O9:


MI'B!G/AZPMX)D_X]GCAN07@QN^98OO*


M_P!9$/7\*^8/BQ\*= \7?#%_B3I.B2:_;WBJ;ZVCNY(/LBBX2WBZXSNVC[BC


MW:^=Q5)X6HX2/1IU.97.FC7;FI*KVOWG-6*BW+H;
****!!1110 4444 %%%




8_=NW2OT7+L5!P]BY6JOX9]D?+XJ%FSI_C1\-++X*
M_$ZR\1?#FX^P^)[(L+MO
:??NAC6/Y96('RRGMWK/7XY? S]HKQ!;6/CNVDL

MSV




!V('#CIZU\#W=D_B&


M2KFZCN+DRZD9;C:BJ%.(_[Q/48[U[!:?&3P%\?&FH^'_!%T==^)GB:2%K[


F

MQ$T\27'RCSMS3R+\JL5&U9%7@]J\2_:8^$E]JVCL=(M9-6EA!(CCG\K&6AQS


YZ=Z\ZE7


MR23^9YG^DRMT[8W?K7!_$CP_)XI^$=PLFH_9O(  _=LW6=5[





MWQ3'8Q2/%-]D5+N.ZD0.?[
)/RX']VNT^/OAF+P':WFFMKDGDW9CQ#(DC=&2
M3&?QK ^'?Q@M/V4=



M4SOO@')H$-Y\.=

!%N].
$MH-1%O=;U ^9)
D@

MH[(QY^5'WS\'FFD\#6$DT?D


BNPX):/D

MW-\T38PI5KG[5$:_\+3^#0\OS-VK-D;








M:^ +2_-]X4UZ2^C5^D86*8J.BR?NL
1PRJAXZ#)\!WGA'0/%GQRU[QEH5E





M#
1SM7^+MC]?TKEOA+X+G^'W@FTT*YU

[RS22EBI9O[^
[


D5E
ZGK'A&[_:\U.XUW3[77M-U9;2WTP1HEQ TD\%JD$IR=C)M)
M/ ;'!L0#4OA?4?#UY^VQ80^'M CT/3[ WEB\<8V)+-%#.CND2#:@^7CDYY/
M!R*YG5+R70_BE\// -Q;R1R^$_%#10/(R


E%3M?WN5ZO1:(N?$_QO



+SP9^SPT3F

B+\





M\3W7C276H]+%M9_9;R$IY5J76-8E/F-E0[J0

M4\'6_PV!XKTKQ9H-OJK:L-/M;XN8!/';S&WBP#&?[[%/G .W;SA2Q&KX1_


MBEH=^0KG#$9Z]
C/8=![=:\3U'2[;4/VQ+*XE@#7%EX/-Q;MG[LANGCS_P!\

M=A\+^&-7UFY$T\.G6DEQ+';@%]J(SD*0Q P
D#..17;3;BY3?4^


MTCS!M*H?.0/E

 \211R1VY#S

^WJ8?$5*$H2G:F[TTOL^Y&ZMZRB_P 3[2V_*P5

[1CG]W
M99&#USG_ #FO0KQO.FWY_D?(9-7E1PV+H0;B^52O%VMRR2_&YY0_C3]G7:X;
MP)XD0NY4S-?9QR0


M02HZXD
8F],#S8-**J=DOS/MZL:SK?5I2E-3<TXRGSW2C=2
MMTLRM^U%<:#IW[0WAV;Q98W.J:&NCQ&ZM[5BKRJ9;D1A7WK@JY5B-PR%_P

Y[&NG_



G4J)=SS

MD C/VJ$#KQGG@9!ST(ZUZEI=G::?8PVMG;QVMC!$L45O$NV.%5&T(JCA0
8P

^!P^*]CCH8I=






MT


S

+!?W?R@037


[XS?%'1?@
MSX)NO$FKR;&L_+*J-W+/+'%V5O\ GJ.H/6ORM_9B\
ZM^UQ^U!-\0KNUS96X
M 0_+]W[%)!V:/_GCW6N8^-7QTUO]N#XL:#X3TR79I\@G

MZ5^K'[

3YK#=\Q$DC#JQ'_+0]* /8[2&*%I1%%Y?(



MX'C()XR


M$B!T.Z.)E.58=#7.2_\ !0;X!8!/CPJHY.[1]0(/'3)@P._6@#Z-HKD?B!\1







MQ.64. DT$3(_#+]UCR&'4&@#W]J2N(\*_%;PEX\\#MXMTCQ'I.H^&XX/M%UJ

2HK

-4MVN[#3

MJRLS;@I10%AE)W$?=P

M7ERL
@ZQ^;%$R%E^ZP5CM8

*K'0]
/
V;?+;'3=UZ;OXMV
M


KL%VPHS#Y

T93S(9!O5MC 


P:YXUU;^R-




J21&$
M?:W V*55/OFB@#\HV_91_:T^&NWP]X6UC66T&SP\'_.^+1:6ELRN8XI)(F


M$W.-B;?2FW3%8YIX@C$C(#]S@C^M6KB.











;_9]

M

%O#ES!KWA<7PUS4G
MU%GB=;F!Q;
T14(?D1EX)^^:WO'E_P#%#P3K6M_#;XA^$7\9^#K[[.8+^RGM
M;%%*(LT@/E_

MQN
0_#/
WDZM'J




M3YT;D9 )V+0!^;W[27PYT'P[XF@^-&L3[O\ A*.+:U@




MHGW!]:DHH :M.HHH **** FLNZG44 -5=M.HHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

\_\ @?%X/L_AA\1(
M= US^WT4Z9]M^21?(_TA]GW_ %^?I_=KSSXH:!::YK7A*73-1CMFM_M7^LCW



)/(:/R5
MCO)4/
3%SDNGY5\=?$;5-%\ ZPFH_ RY_M^WO\)=2?O/D:-$1?\ CY]6
W3T
MKP.':%'
*]6A5;OHT]MO
[)44X*9/^SCX;TVX^)EDNN7_P!EL[(L]E#LD^42

^?+PW\3$?QUX=^S9\














ACRK2+@R
6&6E'W?3GM7:?%#X/\

R3_

CS-Y3
PCA_UQ/5B_W!VY[5


M'C5:LXUVEL6_@_\ M!Z!H/PYN/!GA_3_ +5XELBGG?22=Y5^^F/N.W2M/X&_

M-&N_





MCWHKWOF-@-+EE7'F=


P0W6XPW$]]#(HPQ5MJF(8RP(X]14/

H]!@T;;Y]K'8M+YAFD1DR59



7QVUGP[!)OB\



^B?@UIMC;_ !
O5$?[
M^1%$

M(G!^7U]Z^L_V;--ATN?QE!=_*JBT:23^[EIL?Y]J^;OC9XFUO1_B1X]7P]H7








)

MR; #C(1N6P#M()(ROBU$I3YG_
OR/U+ U8X/#PH5)?\ +F3:[IRY[?.-QGBB
MWLM'_:^''Q2M/MQL/%R)%)$UL&\F26V$4
0=JY\U&())_=/]X$ ='^QCJD

M&\-ZM(D%U-D!E8R1D+&Q^52T





M5V&Y6QE\W[-OQ6\5:-H/ACQ-XHTB3P?IS0J]K9N%ECCC'EMY9-J-QV


+^T%\%O]S5_P#TE6O9\[2Q


G!)KL_V4[/Q!X1U;QMX#UW4H[Z#P[]
MC^RI;X

MQY'^

4^F^N*AF;





MZ9)9WSDG)W5]W^1TPJ4



D=%^QGX5OM#^#+
=][?-/9RO_X\YK2_;U_Q'KOQ*T3P!8ZM'8Z-JT%GF3A'NGN9$7
M<P!(7(3I]<$@8Z']HKX8WNE_ CPE?+=6UKKOA*V62_2[
7EKY:I)Y#D#YS(





-I'(QQDZVN:3XF






JQ-+

MSR


M/QCK[6=M-:/$989+F:URNT%P$R$


MX?U'2I[JZ5'4;843 *D
21&S3')(4(O).=O-&+C%NMMT_P 1[%6KAH58O+^5
MVYN;EO\ P[?;OUN=#^W3O_X5'IC+M#-J\6V

KBXD_;1^'
MD

]


$L
:[LW).^GDT3?!WQ9JG@7]D?QMKNB7;6.J6FM+Y4R11RE=WV16^5P5
M^Z6Z@^W.*?KWAOXP?'/P#I]KXGBT73?#\4?]K1^(+R6.0IL<#<(]P'[N5O^

0 .


_:^UJ+4_



UM'@$RHA4-DASD$9KXM_8A^(O[/'@OP?XCM
M/BQH^FR^(I+Z.6ZUC0FU. VYB&V&#;')Y91O,+?(F[S%^:3;\OU5X9_:K_9
M*\W\U_X;NM!\.WK0-'+=:7X3N+.1XMRLT;.MJI*DJ5YSM!QD@#RS]MCPC


3$TH

M;2+^T-+%_


O!__!0KXI7_ 
5K;29?#LNC

M9U7P/^SC\

PI;*G+-D8Z  #




]Q

TNWM7\DZA:OY;&-%8IN

 J2
Y[]10!L^)_P!K+0]/_943XOVHAA;4M/ T_3[G
ME1J1W1&V.\Q&54E20





M+_!%OH-SX4T?Q?J2)YMSJ^N:;!=SW$QP/E60
(T&U0B9P!U+
7=J7[?GPAU'

YVMY;\'_


\L$B01(ID 4L%+


-6\




6D:(R1H%BCB_=.L5PLJ[P6#*HX=BOJWBS7[G6/


M^T%+X0\-_L[^#++7/$PNI+F]O/#.B2V)MK?]U$!




M29(20G#YRW%ZYXIL_''_  4


44:3:C#:LK(;GS4#)DV



M)HTUO$CQ^?Y;O.C0
 [3).QG;LV8V$$  ]=_P"7/Q6;Q=\&]2\&W%N4N?
M=SF.X5#MEM[J2:5-S
Y+.)%N
X5%V&+&3NQ\=:]H_C_1_P!IKXM?$WP-IDM\

9]X=* /S7_:]_8Q
ML/!NEZ8OA/0Y-9O=6$@F,=UY/E&(VZKP[_-G<W3ICWKSJS_X)_\ QN\2:?IH
M_M7^SK)3+L@GM89?(R1@&4%LE5Z9Z5^K?B*.$:7)$98XC(/E\Q-W0BI$L9H
MY[?=.CA


M^=6YI9&:2+[%]H1

K73]!EMK:-;/SEDG

4.OK74^!_V<_?A7PG
M::;):1ZB;8G%U(C+UD=L\L?6@#B/V6_V9_ O@OP_IWB?PS83Z7/?^8+E)Y6G

MI7N%K9PZ?]GM8I4C@1=L4:_K_2GO:#=.KQ K(5 &_;NYH _'^Q_:1\$:;X%\

MGQ'M='\:ZOKBSW2C[ UED88AE23&V4YY([J?[,?[#\'QILS/XMADMX[7

M3/ /ANW\/:3D6ECD*[,?G8OW_WO6NF5=M0VLC2;]T7E'C\:L4 -9=UKMIU
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% #6KXM_X*O!6_9V\/JR
MJV[Q1;@*P)_Y=;LG:.A; .
\9]\5]I-7QC_P54/_ !8'PR-JD_\ 56Q5FX

M
&

4@)5KZ/S;829
MP5B1(MJ98QB0!CM\M5^@_P!GC_@G[\(=:^%?A;Q+KMAJ'B/4?$.B6.I.MYJD

M[U
W_BUH;FZE4221E4N(]GEL=F=JM^[(8EBQK-_X)QZH=.^/7Q'\-^M;UG





:.8.DLC&-D5\PD1M0!V4*E?\ @KPI



M13*3*99%*PL-SKN%;]JJQ\!?&[]K[X5?V_XD_LCP)K_@J*].L_:TLMD#?;Y8





M%KY1EMK'?S#(A.3''USC'&


M^ \/TOXC:E^TOX+\&_!S3?D

MAK0H_.2R\Q99L8R7N8Y/[_U[G\*^6?V/]0M?ACXA^('BDQ[[S04T_P D_*


MC+&5(7T27Y&%:#K1A-]2G^TY^T-=6.G:KH
T$EQ:6I4VTT;[=P8Q2MGY3G^&
MO&?#OQ^\&:])I^D:DMQ;W@



MLV

:2SGD84?NV7H15[]FOP


MJ:AX=TKP0OBBV^'^J^ 1*;RWGM6OCJGVV0RH5(SY7E*


3?:'23]W)&WR*I[?E^]_=^M;'Q,\:?OQ-KVEW?QQ

M+VZB(VKDY\V


3_%7:V_@/XK?&6YBTSQ7YF@_#V9F6338X86P 3@^9$RR-
M^]1&X_O\\9KQ?QM\$5_9RNM6DC\.7&L?#F9(A/K1NU3RCM3:.6
W
\K+^/'&

J^+OB=XCT:Z.J:S:C2UU]U@V1SAU9
M+3;&5Q[067Y/O8!/:O!/V8M2^#-K;^*=
N[7[/K.H&T\J'SYNJ-
W0 K]P#



5XM\2_P!KKPYX-U--.M8D




L-.9C;MYDDWV]9)PV[]TWR[6
8^8MG

8.?9^HT:&*E@I/6-OQU_7Y&




?'#Q5X<N? B:M]C\(V;I]EUEK&W9(BTLT\N


T_P!OZS-+Q$$9Q]_;V^_W

MA22S4Q^9M
 +




M
V'VV&]SO;S&79Y:-$.K'KD]ATKK_B=XVMO%'PCO;R'3I)%78%6.?[O[\+_[


6]

MX0W/Q6\/ZAI9U&.7^S?)'[N/;CS6D?\ O#^Y6QX&^%K7VDZG\-IYO-&BB CV



-COWKA_CAX1\?7GQ \;ZGX)UJ.P6


OMVIN;_GHV?F/:O9%QS@8[TYL





\31:Y:ZU_8ET+80W*R6(G%



$M5NXO$P6?V-VDM52&6'E &
MCRP91'A&SNVY[UXQIG[)'B#09+J'P]\4]8T'2VE,D5G#%(, \ EDN%#L%J
M6VC.S-?4JCT/'IBE
BJN&& :T=&ERJ)P4
TQ6'G)TI?'J]$_P:L?..A_LHSW
M7B33=1\:^-[_ 




M/+\3/'VJ^)7\4C3OMWE 6_\ 9WF;=D:Q_?\ .Y^[Z5]




DGPD\47&K#

MTD2F0X))59QG/N*^L.&&.])M4=ZTCA:2BH;6(_M[&RJRK.6LK7]V/3;[-CY]


M5G+65K^['IM]D^7V_9E\=.C(/C7KQXW$*)QP


M&W;4_5J1;SS&RC&/



\7:UXYN?$MYI:R6ZK=VT







M)^SC\*!C'PO\' GC(TU3'(Y!$7!!Q7I:TZ@KA-FW9\F/N^^/NXQTQ7(^%_
MA#X(\%:A)?\ ASP=H7AZ_:%[=[K2M

LRF1$4G)4$@D] :[BB@FV9




MAOUA2W2ZU73(IYDC#$JHD=&(P6) !'4FNXI

4^E:
MDH **** 


MDZ_X:TCQ
VGIJVF66IFQN5OK3[=;)

A9D##Y74
0&'(W5IV^TKN4  ^A

T +124M
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 UJ




MVDZ%IL?V33=-M8[*UA






NKW^!CD$@S\@'!P





M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 5+M97N+=5_P!2


M8$$8_K7KO[$FJ'XJ?LTCPQ)%Y(AW
WOF[N9/;^YZBL\XIQK8:&)GK)VO\A4Z
M4I1NCQ'X/_&8_ +Q5 \[^5:^+&822^@MH7 'W&ZF4=QT[UZ=\$]9C^*?Q:O_
M !OJ$'E6GC18VO3_ 



M21Q[()C-EO7%H/\ &JVHV/BCQ9XXFM]DV:?H( 9?EY65=PZ_PTDE0^(Y+^

7R\NQ]8?&SPFC:E8^(+/Q&F
M@75F9



MS#8JHV ;ED$F?E&[YA7BG[.%Y-_PDWQ8\=+:3W.N0C25L29U^4
DT$OWN/N?


M7\
M0U?PS\&?#7CV]\


A\$=:2CB987G][?H_/L([UU+Q?

\I[?P^]?/_BS]H[6/VL/'PL[












M#I\LD_\ JU'/YBN+^)?P^\
_$C35C\31-/H\9P421H\[MG\2D

MS7TW3I)L]+^*?Q*^-^C74TNA_9QIL6T274=W8MYA954'#?.



MRN?G/[PYEW?]\\\9KO?BXOQ8T#0+;P/8^&KC0OAA(F+C4/


M7&?]S_5FLY9OB


J_:]2U*.V34;WSYOW+) ZQKLVD#*

.I(I=
CV
ODS*F7EB6.^5CU ^[7B?
MB#QU??LX^/KGXBVEIYMQ=A!+:^GEQBWW_=/:4=Q7N,?AW0]4\5^(/GA*_\
M.M;YH?[+L_G/V=5C




M_P *:YXX\4:5X:$=EX79+4Z/Y:4W&8IS-A]H88DS][^]QWKSKXI37]A\1OB
MI;3_  \DF@NGTOR[U]1A(&V)6)MR.W2O6/%%[X5^)_@'0/BQX(LDAM+3[0Q
MG1W !9E@R0RC/*
/P]
5XS\:]-\8^.+KQ3KL'CRRALY1;[[2/1]Q.WRTP7_X
M :PR;#\L)S_NZ^O-I_7H9XC^+$_0'X
[$\ Z=$K8**Y
/_//=*[8SWZ_I7=?
MPUS7@&W%OX;@0M')

?6\TK*P[M2=J3%&WB
MK]SH'-

J2BCW0(_


IXQVI:A\M
M]1Z]2/S*/
J2BE[@#5;=FG9I#CO1Q5JUM ][H+FC-)Q1Q3%[PN:



-_AH_AI6CS3?+H]\7

M703 Q1@8I?+H\NG[XN:0F!BC Q2^71Y='OAS2$P
48&*7RZ/+H]\.:0Z.G5'


I^^'(245'NW9I?X:A\X6MH/HIG\-'\-+WP%D&:9L&*7^&CC

 

T9H$%%%%0XQ;U-%L%%%%+E@
****M66P!1113 ***

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M:U)3Z* &44^B@!E%/HH 913Z* &K3J** BBB@ HHHH **** &M24^B@!E%/
MHH 913Z* &44^B@!JTZBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** 


?U_I7R


_WLL6Z=

/&N






M
^%.AG3_  3-XU^)FI?8X-4*
C_-QY






L;J+MI&6



M_9]\


O^\5E^YWK[^^'OCZ#XD017T=B=-%N698O
5_-W
M;U(X Z %OPKX^^#&E:'XR^.'C?XY1/\ :;'2_L2Q:%_=\RUDL\\_+RR^9R#T
MJ:.

ACL94C[SC'\TD:0ES03

M2W[H%CS]\


MR?









M 




E/9@?X!U)KQ
R5).7LI6U=].I[.&J.-DSZ[^ _CZ3
MXA^ [34IX]EP?



;&+[K.S;FGBZ8QM[YX[

M&M^(X8H[']V+D.2S'=*B+M8?
OS./NU\E:+X)\*^*/%D@\-?#K6IM'X9M1_M



+FZ\F0$G[24&
?/]\-T]:^6O&BZEXPD
M#_L[V=S?Z

M%30[/X]Z/X\OK[1_A;)J2RF

M?$MO:^/[\VJM8SV)D




M\\:3XL\8ZGIEY)'HLI(+:1YG\K


M8^;NQ91MP=PZ;?UKK_@EJ-YIOP\M?$GAVZ^T#02XNUV;MOGS-$O+Y(ZMT4]*





M3]Z+DR74C0@1LQ\K9G;QUS[5Y9\2X_AE9'Q%!J$_GZU=-!N/GS1= K+P.#\H

MTM9?*L[4%O7(=F8


;Z/\ Y9('_N52\(_MN7'BB;Q,!X2G']C-;_\ +]'_ ,M!)_L?
M[-0\AS1.SA_Z2']H0/J9F#=6NOE0#/MG-0_;;+[/M^U\U\G:+^WT+[P_P&
M]3G\(W &JBXXOH_^64FP_P5J?\ #;MM_:FS_A$KCI_S_P ?_P 15?ZOYN]J





]-G]RC


M2:^9=8_;$U&SO/%4


M^M%C2W)3[7_J?FES_M=/Y&I=_P OG?:O]']:^3G_ &XKB/\ X1-_^$1G']O?


Z&+
M0?\ ']'_ 
MV _N5L^+OVUKGPO+X9_XI*?\ XG+7'_+]'_RS$?\ L?[52\AS

\/^E?Z[./PQ_C7S9_PV)+'\5AX*?PG/ED



V+^%)U







!Z$;?Z5\U+^W+92#Q
M4R^$YR?#_P!F

M?[!S+L0\PIGU)I^H6]Y ;ZVF\VVD.%]BIVG^53RW446V227RO

^G_M

M]$_V:T619DEL+^T*9]0^6@ADMHKG!7YF_'_]5



M9F^@?VA ^H(Y%LH4
UUP.E+]HM\_:/M/%?

MQ
?]C_9JA_PW1;_V%]I_X1.XZ_\ /]'_ 
]
?W*/[ S/^7^OO#^T*/4^JEO8
MF5I4E\T=_:H?-BC?
DOE&?I[X_\ UU\VV/[9$-[JOA?3AX4F']MZ89O8SCR
M1O\ [GO5?PG^VW#XI/B1QX4GZ*T&1]MCY\P/_L?[-+^PLRCT#^T*?0^GVN+


3PI/NUK[1L_TV/CRL
?X/\ :JU_PV.W_5_V5_P
MB=QLQG/VU?\ GGYG9*/[!S)] _M!])K=0R_O/M7[J;[GX=?YBB.\MF+?Z3G






,_\?T?_//S/[E$
M<AS6HN:-._\ X0\PP9]
I=1S31B*;RXY
X]\4
-]PY-U^[AY;\?_P!5?*6M


OF0OG'X4R*-_/
MGV](5_=?CU_D*^;KS]JZ[O\ XC1^ K7PG/\ VE?!FMC]NCZI$;A_X/[@:LGP
W\O7;[RUCX6

-K^VY)&OAC[7X2G']
$[@C6FGP/MT?\ RS?['^U6\<A



MV;1K-YLD/W_;%?*H_;RM_P#A5*^
?^$3GVE=NW[:O_/QY/9/6K/C#]N2#PKK
M'A:W/A2X(UEKG ^VKQY:+ZI_M4_[!S/L']H4SZECNEO(49)?*DDR%]\?_KI=
MG_+'[5_I%?-&I_MBO9:QXTLH?DS'PZMDS$7L8S]H3(_@K+_ .&WKG_A%?[7
M_P$1N



MYAUOQ%I4/A.=FTA;=F(OHQ_K4+C^#VJC_P -L7']F^9_PB-QGI_Q_P ?_P 1
]2_P##:UNOB[^Q?^$3N,D9S]N_Z9^9_<I_V'F__/K\A_VA
M ^F/-MQS]J_UO3\/_P!=$=U%)O76?)^]^/_ .JOE37_ -N^/2-.\67
?A*X









MA[
_\(Y/UQ_Q_?\ V%0\GQ_\@_K]/H?5DUS]L\T6]UCR\;ODW=?_ -5-W7'V

M/_\ L*K^R

M_PPH_L?'_R^OT^A]0
+C_G[_\ (%)_I'_/Y_Y KYJD_;J\-QJI_LD_-_T\



8+^T*)]/

=/
M]9_\13_^&Y_!/K_Z


_^(I?V?C.P?7J+/II[BWXIOVBW]J^:XOV\O 

US1/I!;B#G&*7SX/45\X?\

_^(H_X;J\ _WO_1G_ 
14?4
9V*YSZ0%PG\'/K2_:/:OF[_AN








_P#B*/\ AN#X



MU%?/7_#:WPXA_P8OU_ZZ?\ Q%)_PVY\-_\ H+_^C/\ XBG_ &?6[!='T-B;
MU%&)O45\\_\ #;GPW_Z_P#Z
_\ B*/^&W/AO_T%_P#T9_\ $4O[/K!='T*P


_@./6D_?_WJ\%A_;

U?KT_P!=

M?ME?#-=OF:O]/]=_1*A_X;







M_#:7PN_Z#4/_ )'_ /C=%F(^@?LHH^RBOG[_ (;2^%W_ $&H?_(__P ;H_X;








M#9'PE_Z&ZW_[\7'_ 

M  U_\)?^ANM_^_%Q_P#$46?8#ULJ1TM
?]M-M)M;_GU_\CUY5;_M:_6YW?\
M5?;_ _]



M7'_Q%/E?8+H]1_[=*/\ MTKR[_AJOX2_]#?;_P#?BX_^(H_X:K^$O_0WV_\
MWXN/_B*.5]@NCU'_ +=*/^W2O+O^&J_A+_T-]O\ ]^+C_P(H_X:K^$O_0WV
M_P#WXN/_ (BCE?8+H]37_KUI?^W6O*_^&J_A+_T-]O\ ]^+C_P(H_X:K^$O
M_0WV_P#WXN/_ (BCE?8+H]0FD=61%L\A\Y;(P.*^6_VM=.U$Q^!?LVKQZ
8U

_
/LEPV[D8_@X[_G7SA^U%\9

MB^UCQSX9TF]UF/7TN&N0)UM/*2SVPR/\R_\ +3=MX]-A]:X#XVZ3\7/$W[4'



M\=^'+V'PM\3?/BBV\-^&]UQ]HBGM)+LRX_T9-NX#;A@W0GJ/2KHU*$&W4V^
M[[_7T.2I'E=C(_9]L]7T+]G'QAIFL2VN=-6SSI\G/V=GNI6X/NNS\JX?P]:
M2CXR66H1_=Q+N_& K_[-7I7P[\-GP'\ GL=3G-YK'BI1_I6-HE^R73XPG\/!

SZ#\?++0[G[L@D'_?-H6_I7M4I4:F#Q4*/PRY;?)QO^)YM:CS.
M

MN?LA^
M*N=-\0_VY%/YRR1_9]O2)




=N^N?#[_A&M%N



M

M0Q61\EN6P#W_ +WO7=?M!?#^ZU#Q9X5\3^+=:EU[P=;_ &ORWM4^Q!28T3YM

M/AGXD^!MNVF'Q[8)X0A/R_:-&63R





MTMH?PGNYM)N;3[7

M

MR=VV?E6;XOFO_&W[1D=Q\(S&JDD2S(F[=BTX^_M_N3]
U]K@^'L$W^_5GR[O

L^. D7


M?AA^S/-_:7A?3Y_$OQ!;8$MOM5P
$D \2;HSB&9VYQ]S\MHYE4HP^KTX1DG\
M[7


M.B^%=!U;P1K.GQVWBKPQY+:M(CLV[[0]Q+!D'*C]WC[K'KSVKP7]HSXL:O+X
MFT6SM[[RM&Q-M3U 2%OZ5ZY^Q?9/\3M+^)/Q!W?;;WQH=/$WR





 CU++7#6MK\1K/
M_A(+S]GU9;/3M0:)6BNDM[L


D/VT*EY;QR7$7VEE
MV11Y

UAK7RC/VBY82'$?

)R\
O*


Y/X::#XGN-*O/AUX0N+SPOH)F,,G]JYVYSD_O&#'

C;&(PJ\AB?O =*UM'^
7Q+^
WC[


M\3:38:]_PB&LRO:-?+/]JN?M6
M'@%@%VJ#TZ[_:O1;+]AGPWX@M[%%\3)=P

M:T;^P-4A\SRVWJVXM=+&3B/:.





LK?Z+;OP[''N.AKJJ

MPUIJM%-XAY(P/W


M










0XW$GYF_2I)/A



6H?;HP)F7



&=<\/

('D.?+S!

9PAX
BBQRMQ&UW]H,\3MQN8;=N3]=WM5CX
MA:AK?PO:&RUWQ;;W^_=C_B6[<=?XC_?%<M/

M+P;\
?A_\1I-3TZR\;V\&H.8]X^R3-N/S


_&VL^&[/4=8T33X]:^T^7^^CCC@\G&Y1P_WL[STZ;?



A5OZ)7

?Q^U=3

MS&=*7Y0










*







I:_]NG73GAZD5*DK1
KQE^RCX6^%_AG1+;5O
M'-OH
QHW4__237]V=E:_L%V&G+


Y_O;)OAW\8O'ET;K6_'-O8VMF \-K_9=OF4,%+ ,C C&T=?6
MO/\ ]FGP7X=\&_R^\7ZMIUS?:E9&-6D\Z3;)NEE1CMW$#AC7C8?

?S\]2=




 ]NJBO*_M7


@5'CBP96&S_ ):?=ZYYZFZ1\&=5\%KJ.E?
M\*WU&WBU#RC]J_M59$S%F0?+N)&695^7^]7567CKXN?%W6+V:RLH_'AC3?+







)








M  ^E\
ZK?B1[34([Z



M@GKSVKAP^8XZ


0@9(I
OM.=P8FO5?@]XIUGXT7U[



9F


M6^DPZCC#3V
TN_RV7.


M+R_KANGI5+XK:GX@^)WA^*'4Y8]3;3P2?+C6/'F

+BLWK2NGRK







MX_&XA;VOU-%AX6
GQ%^S7X
805P-QVXWGZ


_Q4\02ZC8^&/^$(
M\'VIW*UQ]EN?


M2:/]H.
[0-S
2/O'IUKRB#7K:=DN+WQ!;Z_J





M04^RS-N\Q43J&..GZUI^$?'WQT\=:7I]WHXCTW3X_-2622TM9]P)*KU8$8V'
MZY]JY_QA\(?%NK?%[3-.U_QM;K_:3RN\']FJF=MMDC*OCO7G5
PS:C5=#$5;

M+X(^(M=T33;.Z\+[--M_
WW7VZ/D
R\XZ_Q5Z9\?/CIJ?P263POX$TE=6FT
M*NIW2QQ.(#
$EBRK(?O^9(.#7E7PF^._QZ^
9]ST8=_6N0\<:E9:7#82:CXH\K_ %Q/[N1<],_<_K7GT<=F^)MA/K/*H].6
M+_$SD\(US2W-V^_8IFT7^WET?QO!I2WQ@^T?:--:??L VXS)QC<W3KGVKG_


MX

M&C7OCRUNCK M3#MTG_5^5*CG/S]^*L^*OV&_%6MCPNP^(]I!!HC7?#Z-NR)



MXFUW4OBS86/]MBU7S/[#;CR45.S'UJ#1?V7U\8:*(+/XJ:?J4*D$2_V
R_\






2;Q^\
??O7H3JXN[M2MYF;ESOF)]%_9
MSU/XA:G=?$KPS\4M
U32KY0^G.FBJIC+Y$N2S*Q^ZW4#I[UB7?[-ND_?3=



/ USJ,$MN-3L2(S'.+6W7:.0?XB3U'Y5XM/&8JG-3A+<[*=&$=#
MRW2_ME??%[3/$MM\2K.W-L\H6.31F;=F!DZLPQT]3UKL/!O[(&LZ%#XCFB\

CCCC



M8P)9-*\W/V=Q)_?XZ_K3-6_9/U+6O#.G:&WQ3T_S=.
I:3^PO]9YD@D'\?;'


!XPL]7E\
M.BX55CTKRL?:8E@/5]IZ=_2J&@?LA^*OANVO'2=;M[F?Q
\!EC.G*PMS 'VG

:7'F27$_F;D!3^$8P^WZYKKH?%


XY?=\I/?UJ?Q!^QSXJU/QMH^L:CXIMAIV
MDK
S1C3E7S!)&$_A?/&W]:L^#=:\2^&=5TX#49-:O4+F?R_W7EJR-Y?W^N5'
M;TKI8?BYJYT_5](U/3[A_





M3PM8Z#=:GK/AKQ/I]_J-]Y8(_LUFR8E:
\2

M4@L%;Y8VZU-H?[0GQ!\3?#NR\::-\._^$FO-;)\T07=O!]G


+G +?[QZU[HOBCQ!^TYJ


M_AKQ!);K=OH9N1:SQV\




M*_NQ
I+;

)KR/3EE(41201_+CRV;[G/\(K##*M7C[4UR+MN=LHQ;YF/L_V==6O/


?WON

XZF.

M+^9X_P!/BDTA[G?_ 


M#\J9X?\ BE\+;#Q!=VZ^+?EN-K?\O';)KOEE].'O?6M?\'_!(^NTCZ)N?V1?

30?9[+[&











7_$BCX^SR(3_'[BM;6/




EDNH

_='
MREJZ\-3Q%.CRU';L*4H1E:GL=)X6_9)\=:78:QIEAXICM;/Q.(A?22:4KAA;



MOBS?R^)O%#FT\/+$EYI:6VPL)[9F0ET8#K&K]#UKSY5



#
M]'\?V4NDZ*I2*P31.3Y]T)#



!(V[E\]^U2ZIX \

WWY5$0Y8+]U#T%:
M'A2/XQV_AK3;FWL+B[A@





2V%O\ E@S?P\]J
MFE+'N/)'87/ P=:_9

MH_!_P%^).B_&KQ7K$FMV_P#9\OV=4?\ LV%N1;.G9\_G7(V?B[1M:N+2;6/B


?^D_:-O]Y_X=@^


M[9\[]PWMMZ_22J^HXFE[]-W_ .W1^TPM1^]*S.EL_P!FGXJWGQ6D\:VWB.QM

C;8K=H8\'?@=&^[ZC/:L?2_V2_'/AG2O$&BV^K1RWFK&V:.1[





M/2N3ZW7;4YN[EV\BY4_9OE70\S_L^_T_XF1?$33-3CU33=$W&[CCL5BYF@$
MY.3_ 'NBFJ/P_P# UI_;FMV.BZW;Z!-XID@-R\\'VG9]E#N
!F0KGYE^7;G=

M8\13^ /BGHTG@CQ-( +-9+AI?M&%$\F/(54&U(X?O

T08-]^


 _WP7\#6J?$:1_$&HZEYKI#'))!_
MJY-Q&5W Y62+[V

1#XBBU[[']


C#4)-4659/+!/W(PN/GBB'/]^M*

GVBW$

M&LC3_P!E;7/ D?B/4Y[VWTJ7Q


)VY9W8?

O]
M[CO7O/BC]HSQGJVI?8_!GA2_AFZ77$/'&<_-SU5ZBM#'T:ON6:^5A<L#S[
M6/V5?B%%X[\9ZG8ZG;7=AX@^R+C[#'F,P1*H_C[_ -*PX?V/?B?_ ,*O_L7^
MW+*]W^9MDTZ-OE\_P S^_Q7I</C+XI0WEK!)!)I4]N6:X63[/+GS%.W'<8W



GX]JY\3'%23<+22ZI6
M,XUE6]^6[(I/@+X\_P%G:M\2IY8XKR_6


M:_L8_%+PUX-\065QXZTVUTK77A^VPSZ!&QC\MRT05@VX?.Z_=(Z=^W$^(/A_
M;Z;\



MG^V?;1CY9 N
RH6/SO)ZTZ

MT;S

MF00C

;;/&[^+\^


F)(V^X3G//05YY?_ !8T+X!K::=\+OA[


M+?$%M

K.
M2[A\W

5QXH
M^(%J;;QCIUQI;3D&#]^O./+:3[OHH3\ZBG5Q$HMU5&W_ )
'M#*?]B_Q=#\+

#[WKQWK7\;?LM?%#Q1J'A8/?6^H6^E_
M:Q*T-C#%_K%CQDA_8]:ZCX8_&K0?A!X/M].L-*N/$FOVGR:I_ITD?V=G9O)X

%X^45RQQ6*C%1P\+KH/
Q3E6_T%N?W6T_=KU*57'U$W45O^W;G#4^KR=RIXU_99
M\<:EX@\(ZP_BWM8?#(NB$^PQ_
UQ&J'^





JSKRLL78=._;$\-_MBZAXB8:=X:^$EQ?Z3:;O

MH1=J(OW^N_CH:Z:W^.7B#X'P0^%/&%YYWBK4(V.FR^6J_+&?


?A_=^+M)\1^'Y?%]GIS

%#):F%L_/ST'Y5RWA+]G
M?Q9J


9&N/X_8UZ]<?M3:U?3I-H7@N74+-L
MA[A+R(;.FTX8 G//Y5SGBGXD?$&]MY;KSO[AO/E3[1!#-CUQCTR*\SZQC/:

#SW0_V:?B9;_&/QQK[*$TS7C9J3Y$?(AM=O\ ?]2*Y^']D'Q]9_L[


*
MN
=&;A'8[36/@'XQU+XO^#]3!_T;PT]W_P L(^MQ;*I_C_V:H^!_V9?'?A/Q
M-XHFB




YJ/]C_


M%[XQ^'I&EU/03JNG?PW$!MHL8^49 !/+%?RKSUC
51I1ITDI0Z.S5_O.A8B
MX\TMSC-%_9Z^+&@_%C7?%EAXCM[BUU;RMT?]FVZ^7Y5KY8Y9\G.X]/2N#TW]

8
M_A/]ZNJG6Q






M\GC74+@
=1$=U)!]FVHPAXE3!W M]W^YSVKG(?VOM(TS5KKX=:U\++BPCV#=

Y3P5^R_XWNOV=_%7A?1];C\23:O\
M9!-#'8QVWV?R+UI%Y=ANW =NFWWKJ/'G[+OC[Q5I?@;3Y-.-G_99OA/)^Y(/
MF


MJ-K*CLOWB7/WDQT9JTQ685

M\


MH5K
&\F2=8)_.P 6QP
8(/7KN]JR+SQM\3=2AV:EXBM[!F+


?UU
92U/
] _9H^
5C\


M[(B#_





FN:7



M35O@=;_#W2O$=NNOJ&*'[)GDWGG-QV^0/7K&F?#CQ1\4O&6B_$;P?XIM[_6-


MY5
)KQ9CJ4WV7H%E^T0<*%V?NHOX6Y[]!2

HZ.QW


MXIW
UA':QQ&P%M;^6
LR_/OF8GC&

MD


MG
3IU]*TM%^(GB#X9^!6U[Q-HO\ PD^NRDA;'

6S;



2R/L5]

&?


6S'':[_
\
MZ%3G!VK\L:

OI3P'\/_G[/O_  CT!M+A_&'B=;@?9I[B

&VAG:


M/[!
^HM





MSL6VR62




]

OBW3;F*/P[I']C*&D1


K^U^JX*Z4;;[[7(P[:@H%O\ X4W#\7K&'_A$_C#;V]M&6%]I



\31ERJQXY\%?@

M&FC^
H[_ 
*6JJVJZ#':

DZ#^UQ?QV$;Z9KE^L

I6OA[2_$7A^*UD5961B=WI^\

MJTCSS1P1DMER9)4#[J=\UL?L^^ ]7UCX8^)=.MQ]EU(?9/LI^7G=/*S]&_



)9?E9?O#

7/V2_A'XC^'_B;5]$U&/6[$0C4+AX(8_M.Z.=H2OS%H]NXK\IYQSTKS
C '<BX^4'ISVKCHOVD?'?


MTO7OAC\=O$^L^%]!DT#X=W'V
RO(ZW8.+

MIB*


'PWT5)!/IJV4:F[\TN$RZ
M$
-LT:_7=78?#/0]3\$^+-;^''B?_B4Z+K+Q'PJN$;B!6EN_NMN;DK]\@#WY

W^
M-?CBW\.V
7V74K$/):*763[

MS?#-M:Z[!#\-O$6NQZ9\2_!HVSS20._VC[7F9?ECS&N+8+_$2=W.
5I:AX1\


[
3K
MHNOQS^6+Q=RRS QQ=?+A1%^;UX[U)K_PQ3X+Z;;W_P 6/B9:W6GW!;[/8?V7


-

M\C[YZ5T4\9E?


M=H;&1*!]U7K%\(?#VR_9C\7-;_%S1_

G:O6_&/P_P!/\.^ ]'\,Z)JEMI]B
MBSAI)[;?YX\Y91CD]-Q_[ZKX3L?B]X8\WWB#P+\-4+-XH6(ROY\A\G[
IG'









M7&N;Z\@N#J-W@33B[N-J%!L!($H!Z5Y?KO\ P2OUKP_
VH^$/']O:HI)%I_9
MSLS9X'SO/_#DGIVKZK&9EDN/A&$?=EW



/DPR$?
&SO&

M^*7ASQ%J'A.X7]HCQ7'IWA'3]BMJ



M2&&IQ.G\0
EC9:G^T]INC3?VW
T1&F22*PPB+IN!N^4?*SMPF:[7XF:O:^&/
M$=GX_P!)']L?#OQ+N36F28PO%]F40P%6;$HS

M5GX:

M%?1K'PCKEKJ7PWL_-/AK2[JRWRP$JS78\Z3YWS
#U^[C X KE?$/B#Q7\-6F






M-\AJ14

51\(^$X_%EUXK




MK^AO5P


M9%MC^6&*
?.3_K.


R0VDH9619/](A

M2UGFM(CE0G^JB?8






KR/OCQ
MGX;BT*+PCX-TO[/'+JIO##

[


M)T[]G?QQHGANVUKP'\0([Q(U;[?')IJMC!V1X
C\?\M.@_I7+Z?^UU+9ZP?#

\RX^T 
67[S_




1G]YRXVSX_A/WN.
5D:*]QI_C67XSV\?\ Q;9B


ZUQ5


MB#H\RO3V.4U
^*]-M)+;PWXGBNM

MD/@


0^)_\ A7TY









MX^8_\MAZ5-X$^/'@CXL[8-8U&.PU'@+Y?G?.3G/W5 XP/SKWK5OV!;+Q!?&3

MD_\ ?T ?_7KZ:EFF E14:M2\N]A?4)LV]&OM8^&]\FI^#M:&MPJ9_#2IB74
MP591LEFXC\M7DDX^]@LG_A)O^$9\9-J$4$O@KQ/JIS_ 

4?:7




MMU]OTS6UC;6M=SD60ACE^SC:%.?

MX?A8?V7KI
)\P^0C3'R\*WWHRGS



?
.IKBOC!

\/A%2C/%U+0Z(YXU7R*




O



;0P3V2W.X



=/O



M

M-X8NKFU\






MSE2KP7M)1Y5M\A_[

67G'3
M;73^%_@'KTEOI

/DDE
/


#@_9Y 2N1YT?'IG^&MZ-98B*I1E[

MC=C^&L[4O$WP]^#\

M\'WAU_6G95UG5K;;#$


M8XT;C:


M%)9[@VS-O25]NQ)0OWF(^[(.U9?@W1=%\::MXLN?%%E;-82-9+ -FP_(&W8*





MB3S&3SO/Q


M/\3OTK?ZQB
FA[2_
^^OY-V_#_


MQ/\ KAUQ7U9KWP9\*?'#5(/$/A_6%.HZ?NPRF? W 1=






MY.Z-;*

6JL/


MIYM8'Q0U[Q-^T)\0(;7PK:?V-#'YA\







=X/B'#J7B+&V734TS#?W
HU.;#3MY:_J
M:1P%:.A\D_#GP[\

MZI^RC\)/CK!:7WA]C=64;


MEMOU1;A;20P9

M^\51\PC_ -F-


=._;AI
M4L4INA&K[S]5^)T5'[NE





A_#WQ%JV@NU]:KX.


)EB^



#Y_]
M9#=0?:O,/L(1W?<N)5DS@<[A6\:E3#6YGI?^OF=





MC]AKQ#\1/[#AU3QU'$-'$WV$QV

J^;DK*
_

MSQ7??VG:G!6;R





M_P _A5+94N8V

&K
D.RS
MW







M[+


!CDYZ8]2U71KU









M/GQ^F


MA(.IB6WV_K_

R9W[4
M#_)L8]^OF#TKO]8\._&;X4Z2NM7-]'XFT^
 
8[6WM_+^98EYW$G+
.W&*^J
M?B#H_@/X]0-I+:T\UQ;!?(AC\Z/R0^QVS@@-E4[]
5P+?LR^
O[!E\-IKH.G
DZCXL^'BF?P9XFBU*PD90^GR62@\9

M\3:=J&FR?\(KXLMP^5GC:Z^U;E\L;%'R)MC!SNZ[ACH:P/&7PSTOXA:E'?\

MG[[[]Y\[YU&?CEG:?G^ ;:\W%1J9//FDN:+V9W4XN$;
U]+\
Z]X@M;:T\;:

M_+-Q)9WRZ:MZSHN






MD_#3]EGQAJ.K6GBGS;Z
&HKEJ;GT5\+?V5](_9[^'FHSW.BGQ)?VL:KGF;?
W2OGJQ'\8ZUEW
M7[



)2C&O+GJ]




GBC0G&?^$I
MA$-K&A


)BJS-)K#3B
C*@E9

6(OW4) $'EJCJW]XMFO0




DJ1CH1_RT/2L
M\2ZM2G91N_3^O3T*]W[&QE_$CQUH'B?PQI'Q0O;





MNO..




 
*HZYZ

/]:F?N[^AKP'6Q^*?-0;2

M_!
_PS)\0+W7-5UD2:.=F;/]\&'[DHV&6;C+;CT[US4GP/\ VA=:T\Q77B:'








8F;Y5PI

THW76!G=DMW[I7-+!8;#-U*


:48^[L(/:K_BC7O%5C)8^






M6BW2?7^D'^SG+:''INI&W^'&E_\ $E\8^$O
.GW6?-
PO-]Q(0#E?EC#'YF/


M










'PE\
M6#Q-XO235/!49W)/&D

MR)K)()








M\!ZE;)\1M
&EW9W$6D\ZL;[Y23M:-3LVJ\?7KO&.AKU+2=6TW7-8BU[P\?\



5#K'RC
M[







^]B#P#_P3A/@'XRZ%JCWPU+0%$RS1A)%\G_1RHYW\Y<?I7IFH?L^Z


6_EO
N
@Q/G;*?5







M/BP8+RUGL[%8AN




MM0^[^M36#;W+OAGP_JOBJ6UNO$EO'I/PUT
.T5VY29M0\\
&(=/WL7ESA5Y!

0%'EG8/W!]_KG-
M4_&U]K?C*[DU/QU=_P#.^$(DW:+IWDQMYC-@7 \R/EL2;3^\]..]4[7QZGQ
M6^

?/\ AWKC]GB?95*KAI_6

M#5])\2K8V-C/_9WQ(L]W]DW/S';N
#3';]T_N%(^;UX[UR5ZVI_%32]-MS-_


M

M$I/
\JSO;*._DNFR-_[X_.

M&UE^4\[

LV.-OZUZ^%P

MV/S?



MY_Y;W_ J=6E\
=C6O?V(?AU\




O 

M
M_P!\UV6G31V.J6^I^$98[J6?A[4[ME[C QF3B+R\ESM'.T9ZNBN/CEX[UR





^5#2NMN
'_8

C
OSX_U?&1C&--5\/:
M
#_$%

M+XAO&V[+2W22Q-AA0IW
G$OF*(S_ +.T_P!ZN)\5_&SX:?'09=7TVSDNKPC
MB&2XD/(95&ZG^_7B
W@G]H/X^7$L_A[1I- \+WQ&RSE-K
]N8^N9&D5FW2Q
M
W XSCM6U/\ \$M==N=(1)?%0DU10?\ 1_LYXZ8'
VW[NWI7H1HX;!TU3J3]





MY=#0[*S#%7^PQR?:=T@DZK*
8\L=?[U?-%K_ 
$X_B)X)$BZ9=2:A.NT((XU

ON(4EMSE5]N?6L%?&%_H^L74W@%/^$WM).;CPK:[;5T;:R9-Q

MS;_.C7G&WK7J%IXLT;QIHMOJ%H/^$IUK@MKNG[K%$.Y5&ZW*@-G;Y?X$_P 5

G[!WCW3+A/GBI(Y#Q=X#^'?Q0\4P77BS3!9P(LBZCH45W(DFD[HU$
+FLD\,ZT?F/%]EF
5SN=L;LD

MM+X4:7_PB7@*7X8:GY::BZ%O
CW1?*9Y;G;\ORGY6[5S'PR\36FL?$JV\4_&
MF?\ X1CQ78;_ +'HI);R T#QR#=;_NSN18G^;^_QSNKLOVC_ !+8Z?K
'A[P



M%)+_ %[J(X[O=D_?YWQ'^'?Z5R?AO]A;XL^


5O([V-3@1/:QMDF%XQ_RU/\4BUZJJY74C

C_%:348[.[\
M+7N/


MN!^6?VZ5KZ#\5OVC/C!;VFJKX3^T^'F


=%F\;^38KC_ )877&&#MU?=][-;
M4?Q\^



M2FO -/\ AQ\6/A2;C3M.OH_%\$N &CLH8_(QN;DR






M&E[.@HG3WEMH^J?M3:MXBAM=FG6K1#3KSYA]H+6GER_+U&U_E^;TX[U;^*7P


#+!##:^6!&I^8GKGS.WH:])T*59O2
IKJ9QGH:_A/XU_$3Q7X
MQC\&^*M'4V\I(DU=%@C$^%

H=
T33OMVCW

M7Z
D?7UX[UY)J-QIFF_M13-8_+IMFBN(OF^7=IYSU_VF;\J
'BY2C.CU85I1







M1%SLN(O)*P;/)SEGMU&8&.[[T/;C\:\K
HU:M=XV$M)I6[[6T/2H_P -(W=9

M (6BN)+
&0V\=MI[%BP Y/;K7*2?M











]C@J0]F^4^</CM\4


MN^-;W^T? 6IM$8=

[9AN?_ %S1-U'W*]ITW]NC1=)O+70_'7A[

8S7IMMX$\#_'&!]8^%OB

LV_['_QCLYM3O;7QS:Z6=0*?V@LN

.P!_P!U@

@
MB
$B2)A'W 96X?[F/N\]JDTG_@GSXMTCQ5HGB+5/B@-2TRT$RRV\%C)&?G39


%]8
MB^*'P;O]U^_^TW%DL8MY((?*V[K@


M9@I^Z9.A^YV[]E^T]\-[?3?&
6K:49+CQ;K0Q9M')CRC$D*R
5W;&S'O/W1C
$8].\+VC?&+X4QRZK):[CK.G/<R8O P-M!AI<K'L5Y'PJG=M'H*Z[X)


MM3^SH;?[








M2J)5)[LZ/P3^R_J/PQUVVU+Q!XS&I2@/YUEY$B%
QNG)W_-N\S/3O[UVGQB^



?E_
M-YJN?[^?_P!=?1^N?M0:CX!_M3Q6?%5KJWAW
/V;28;+RGL./)??+M/F^8SE
MAZ;3ZUW_ 
T2V
M?Y_<5/X2O\ OW*USXT\)_LQ?%SXE366H)-+#;ZMO$C/#'(/D# #_6#'W#71

MDX5/[D0^]_C6E?

M?N)I-QW*49V^\FXXP_4]Z\'_ &AO@/\ %[2I)-?TCQ='-81E?
ACL5X^:).2

MQW6X.!!]A;D;FR




;_.#CHN #46L:3)XF^/UQ\#+_7?

M#(?[3!Y$H+@X^]&K_



MLE:8*GB/:.K4A[*/25[G54Q


M)%MN&-L8$7S5D:=\6/VA_@2S0ZI_Q7WAP  ^3#9V!7YA]XX9C\\NWM]SWKU7








;PU\8K9;&UW2;
MWY^7O;+_ 'D_VZ]./$6


4%]DEB[3'_EHX7K& .
=



MCS\X..G:N.N/#VH7EKKDFE7D?A\:.L)D\1WLW/O&!B _=^Z5X_O@_PUQDG
MB+^P?%%OX=7Q


9YGEBUND?
MRCY3F-MOR_WJZ/Q



MS

M]R/OVOV69RH/3+.P'*B0_+Z\]J][#XC!2LZM'7^8\NO*I)V.%^%7@OQ'\?\




MS]GF/7M$TW[)/K'+VN]I/+
5UL'S%
'.T_E7EWC#]L+Q5X!TJTU)K/\ XE]O
MN#?ZG^+9&O1

M?W5/6OG_ 


MX

V1N7L6('R2TJ



F -KCYHPO&?OUM^'?@-+I=B-6UV^
U#



M_P TF\W
/E*1O\_//UKM-,U_XM^+#8^*K:!;'P+6$6C[+<M(<

M9OWB'I\IS6#\3O%1\'ZQ'XE^('C*W\$WU]DP:#/8M/DHJ1/AX\*?OHW*C[_K




N'3Y5PN&XZ^8/2LSQ-^S?;2WEOX@T2WU=2V)((V3
MT09#

M2/XL=


_B/X;^
-

&+-'C*8&T9Z==WM3/
MA3^UC!K_ 


Q






M_@6?X:\.EBHRI/!T=(1O^.O]6-UA6JGMGU-_1?AO\:]2MY;_ 
+^+K7PW868

KU./




ME/#Q]FNA-X=\0/X





M-/LCLD61)IB=T990-RG;\P'IG\*ZL+E\L0W6F[):VZE_6)G=O\#X]4T%++PQ

MY0H&9'P/O'[H^O:O1/\ A7MWX

MSG;R!C=GM7?^)]7^)6E:28O''@*7XI::^[;JFDW$&CB##_-E%^9LN5'/3R2W






M[)_O?K6=X@^

V 4P
*AZGO7S[^T?


'1Y]\._V]M8\(6*:7-IQUC7I#M%OYRP[QN8]2F!



GBZ_P#$6\O96SK;
M*WV;:WRDL0N


VOVOCCX9QF/^TY[/3H[$
&-<;X^\(ZOH.BV<.CW8UK]G:[# :68522Q\MD!+





_%W


MV\RPE=QI8B-[?U_6_PA'UB9\YZ3\?\ 2/'&K0BS\&ZAK^JWBG&GP:JT(TW8
MAV[B4Q)O55Z'CRSZU[MH_PR3\1M=E35AK@\(6+;]UI.GV@C[R*
^:.AQV[U

M:'J'/ 




M

M+E/[A?\ 
5Y/U'

!?&/PCUZT72I'N;*Z*.T





M%5BEA\

M#]I#9G



\LT/P1X;\++9Z;]FDUA[[(M-$ADDB=MF#+^^+$-C
/[.K+W%*R1W5*7,<3\2ONH^&?B7)X



Q.T?[LGIS_#5
M9M:U;P/\%;6]C3R?&/C3):?KY0L[@_PCY3NA^7CUKM-2DU_P]\2+3P9X7L#:
MZ0#_ 

P4IT8\B





MI;FQT.:X
F +J.:.-.


@23WJWPFS)Y(VJ
M&&-OEGKUWCTKF?V3?[7^'OQ&BN/&?PTO+Q=2 \G5)]6A
-KY4$@;
(!W[RT:

G95?OWKP+Q9\;_  !\7-)_X2RRT'^T-3U(X=O.:/R_***G!3G*H.GI7S+:
M_!GQUJGB.74MN?[$A4?*-BON CVCDOVV_K7#B\ LRA];JPY9/[C*/[FHZ=)



7.^

MK9TWX S:;I_]MZ[JG]FZ'P7\2W

MO7+C[-\+]

^\C2/;1_;E]6N[9IXNAW=1V<_2N*K*I&7LHO2!4HT).

MMK/Q5;V\-GX&A+B+0Y$MRTY^:(XE^\/WZAO^!^U58]0LO'7QU+XL3P_VEH.
MEB)_!]H'9?/$D!M[X8/7#(Q^=#T^7FN4\??$!_!NN1^*?B%XO@\7]\2+;PY
M/9--_JU6)B#'QSO5N0/O^NZNF
:V(:_K^O4GDPQNZ99:)\4=077=(M)/ [WP

]L_P -=/\ \(?J/Q&\-ZAK.D^+;/4]+MA&&TN&Q^SR7.]M





MYGB





M2.LW85\8_&3PCXGU;6)=%\%:3);:$FP/+')&W.V)B?G(/^L67I71?!7PW\4O




MK4\FIS=64;RTOOV%&MRZ0V.)E\._%;XVZA#;^

@V_=
M&!6'X



M/^(;^ _@

M83L?
G
I=?E)^]SCBN*\*W&@_$C2WT/PEXHCUS35!\W7HX)(O+.]V'R
P;^!
#SU_NHU_Q=X-


-'I[SW$IG#LJ



M=8=
5YE\5OCI\0_$T
4FC^#[AC=!S--]JA(.PK@@%1C[IZ52_9)OO!_A72M5



MC[HDKYJ^)_Q

M

(2^V/RU7
M=EOF_P!6P_YXCKZ\=Z\RC@L+ALPC1J2]I!?:LU?[BU6Y=(;%;PE_P4\L[!/+
MU3PU+K\\@!MX8]0^S\CYY2?DQU+5T/B#]H_XT?%5$CT.



M[7#0_P#2O(KZQ





M_O(TNI +79ZAP V55^A_AKVCX?\ @+]H_P 


MA^UIKVO6YTVRT:2_OXR 88[B&/)9E/\ $!G\




QGE





[?'CP

M  40/C:;3O .AR76NW&#B31X8JY),D04857;_ (:Y/7M.\9_';;H7Q&B



?(JR2QI][CH#]WT^E<?X)U/X




M3S%^7^]SVJK'\1O$GB*QNM'\))!X5\-Z*!_:'B=(;SS?-RT9']X

DD?']
M[VKGG[6MK+K_ 

9G
PZ?9_$/7M#O_B#/!GQWT[S_):Z1IUN_RNWEQ?N1B


MKG[47PS^*FN0^([[Q!)HE^A.+1[AN&PA&=H7[@_6O4EUCP'JVN:IIFHVW_
ML_%



M

M8?='I7C/P^^


W)_.O(?&/P'\2? B^;QWH$
DMM/CR






M[[0Z@':?
<I3[_  /D


?B
MROA71Y




MP
VKQ_\ T?#15[35D3:9/M,AN&!C#!3B
+\['[O ZU4^%/Q?E^-&L#XALF
M^U\
J5(V*=XN/

#8^&Y8_$?QD
MU.2/Q9&^Q:3'#Y/GXPC'?%\OR1F)^?[OKNK:N/'.M^-O!9D\=^[G1_ CA0
M0M\I; 8*
-'\_$JIU]:Q/!U[9Z/K&D_%#5K7Q5XR\4M,^C:/'-]F?9@\%Q







LYMVD$?BZ&Z^R1
2VP'[/#\S?\L8^?K_$:]V-=JE[*MK%G


2G+QQ!3E51N
XW8[5C

M+6[@/V8JI9%;=E@S?-&5^;^X?6N%^%?P)M?@WXN?Q/+H

M)J6I23VVGZ/)+?OL^P0QSK\_W/



?K4WR_J74CA^0ZWQ7\!]%_: U:^3P5J

MK:S:A3J
T?E\^8I





5UW_#P#5/'$'V3P=X


MCX8O=6_X12?Q!8Z&? 'A:+C^U+Z9;\/EGB^1!^\&V0[#G^\/2O+^MT*N'5+#


Z1YC





M9B5

M'\#'Q@UQ_P )'\2OE!TOSYHO+_?/#U(



[;?*']T_WJ]NCF_-

MX6W?V_5+KRQJ$IS)N*G9%Q/P.LOW?Q[5\K^*OVUOC=\._%7V;Q78^5I[9*ML







_:=)G+2F';'(JA9#NZ^:W3'0=:]1^(/







M?












4?R%N?+B3'*M&/QJEXC_
M &FO!/BOQ(/$FC_&NSTNY) %E+HTTY^ZL1^9E &55C_P*N\^W:#\4-'BM=/\






M26

MSO






MR;S/AU(R^1I^PR[

MPW;Z5KWQ#U?[-KUP\S^&M
@A:/8 ^R[RZ?(WR







?PW\?:9^T#XWGTKXAWMQ













M_5V-JDEI



MW\9(33XY6LS'EBO+


1


*VY$Y?=)

\UYL





M7B1B1O+4^45@A7_EIP
MYG3TKZ

P:7S8(Y(SGS(O*/\ !D?=KFM!MY?&GQPO
M#X:L/[+\-!HVUI//63S
6_\ H_\ &&)(S]WUY[5ZMHOQ&L? E_=VGA72OMV
MF6WDF:/U!SM^^?XVI2RSZPIU8ZMZG;3?*K'MGPI_:)\

MF&29Y
LZOGC: 
;?QS7A6H:+J^O_ !TUF%(]EI
82K?+R%MMW;GMWKNO$.N6



MZ?F+_7?

M_0KF6UL9+S0;G:9F21ALVN-GWNN9&;\J_

*:Z'T/KW@_XW?

Q%A?2^1;RYR?

6P8;4_=']TB-_P ]<U]
?LV
'9_&-LIEWM;WQC2+-LMNH*RL%.KMQ_<J;X1Z)JGQ \8:GX$^/DT;Z[J*1?

PNOM=
M]N#.K#83RO+LQQUWCTKJQ6:THTX4HJS5_35K_(XJ.%YI&GH_A&'X6MXLU+Q'

[6VF6W7R?[WS5'?2)#+9SS/M\M7.W9NS


M]KUKX/\ CCP/;IH?A33_ /A+M;/]DQE(%VG:&D_U[Y^^Q;Y_PYQQBNJI5I

MS&RDB/AMT1M[9]Z\\\%^O#'PC\=7_A/1O

)]N(H[J9-N091E)?E_U;

GB[QCK_ (L\9:
+&74A 8H\V_\ H:1QF

MWP]^$]]K4GPVT[_A*/'DC6YFB\R12I0#_GLG^J:1N/N4\#C:KO32YOT^9A
M4W.-^!/P!\+_  !\

-)$0-CLIRLL3=!]ZNBUC
M6/B;X^^'_P#;
4XM/!!0!%@MH5/$RHV2&#?ZV
]:\I\+_ /Q7\6]*;XE_'2_





M&H^9.EFNZWEDGD/F!LH_!4CHPZ^M=[H_[:?CBSDNU\26#107O%A-M@&/+SYO
MW4R?F


M-KVL^''\*ZMX3DUZ125N[J.XCB\G++*N?DYR/_0:\JD\8:5XEC6]LUN+
V)8

#F%2M[.D[\Q/^S&G!
M^S39WJY\&^(_[)AB^5HYXY)




'15UVE$*CPLM);
MGH'B#X=?%#0[=K:ZMO\ A(;5N(V@@AMO* ZY(8ELY'7IM]ZY6.WU#1X9$UGP






LH
^?']BAD
,==X#T'XQ^+
M_#ZAHGQ)TVSML<V/]@0NQ(9E)WEA_$K/T[UY5K'[6/B[Q2D5IJ6@#4
9PFR

O;9[UM++L9+#WJ1][?N

MCACR C9()V?2N3\1?$K2];E







MOW7Y'?4J4*4;(ZSQ/^Q=\0?B-;V$6H?%/3KB.!9!./[ V&

M\%=/^&_[

MIU[(5_M&Q^T

MU)^[@(0?[^RNC&9;BU!6K^U7:UOQ.*CB82E9'=_#O4/C?KGQ \8ZSX6\.MX;









MM.M[7_@$+?R2N)5LQJ2=1PU?G_2+4Z$59'HMC\//BMK6(OL8T.T/
RSVUO
9



MVI/' BAN+K4(X0N2D

WF1I^FRN


@)#'J7[@=*\ET']HRTT'

+R0
MMGY47@E/8UTU\ES+V[DUIH:_6*
(V)?V;?CQ;'P##X+\?Z/'X:U49
5Q)
LG


M74/VL'\86^IP:YX+D


M[1H/^687_ED^3\R)]/QK8









/RXQZI[_I3M0_; \5VR[Y](M\/U



'F'/_ QM_;_8I8_VQ]?N_P#CVTBW
MX_Z86_\ \173'^VL3%0HT]O3]3+V%I+VB*R^*M)U%T31?#?]OLOWW@NEA\C

W7.
98=.?SK&C_:^\868+-96



M_P '^R/SKD?%G[43^)K]5O/ 




8?YE92-V
MSZ5R^SQ4*[C*DG?^NAVT\;36B-+XJ?O1?VJ+/4?$'@3Q99Z)JDVS^T$DM);
M@\%5AZ[0,+W3/6L7PK^R%\4O#/@U[74OBEITNFX&U/[#6
C]X6&&5\GYF6O



\%W%Q\7+6R<^(Y]J2V
94_PBU3(+%#\I'0



Q7GC:ZBLX;4'R



#_OJJUKX
<EN2_W?J;5/JU*5RA_PF'@RZV&#^T@G5?
9=N?KZX_2M*#Q%X;
M:
_9O#.QO7S^M5#^V#JD@)F\.QW17[NSR8]OY)S_ /6J&']L_P 2++LLO!GF


C \$#K7!:Q^V)X[C^RM

\$

M1G[#N$!;;U#O\V=LO0=JU;[]FOQ#8O:W?Q



MC



-C
M1+V$.AW2Q$:CYF;6E_LH^(;[2Y;/P7\2[:32%&(4.G-(R9+9R6?)RVX\^M9&
WE_C+K@]1@X_.O'[']L'Q!'X?
MOY--\+?\(U)IYA
WL+]I/MZLDG
M[F&.+')3D[*Y*F4YO1I0P]2FFDW_*7*LO9Z^*!8:=XWN=&U/4XWODV_-'



-EY(&-V2&._








20A@)&CX#L1]R;M7@.G:YH5KJ-G=W.DW#ZJ
M_P#:,?VZ3CY3Y73Y/NYZ5U'_  N)_A[K$&O/X6D71./WDEW&_P#JCC:3]YU

MCZ=L





/'XE*Z
30S:6*O3HZ:?:MT]32

M !

]=3+^UM
MXUN+R&YM[F.TN-S20.D+]%*@ E/8UE4RW-54O.FF_\ MTT^N4UHC5^ _P <

^/EQ_PJ^UDW





MP_9L MR=GS;L?AM]ZXFY^



3.

OW

M9GDNX6W@8W=$[?+U]:D7]L[Q

M^U]K5B



M=VZ)\]NJ ;0I/WG5.*7P?^U%J&BZ]I7AWPYI$LXO_
/[N10(/+0L
Y3G.3^5
M6-$_; U]O$FIV.M?9KQ[01*EKY

JCT1V2C&2O'8M_
GES.5(+&3G:O*PYXSUK'T/\ 8W^(FC:!
M_8$GQ!M_[+7.U/[*7^\SCD/G[VVN_X7''K4$6HGPM<^'_)SFX^W*XGW +D
M*-N


I$O#;D.8I!UQC'OQKW_ 
)O&O@.^N_B


M/$^BR:I-(TWV=(Y(X?+^8;N=GS9^7Z8]ZV/?[8'_%V[6]OX'DM4D 'G27T

M7?N(8E]S=
TG2U_KL95*-&M*Z,VU\9:=K%Q%%H7ABY\17GR07K6XML]-P90'
MW8_#:?6O1]#\ _&/Q1#Y6Z+P[ILF,))!;S%A]=P/']:XO6/VZKVQ^QSTRWB
M\[=O?9&V





MO?VX-0O-'U*]@E2#[&(Q\\

M%-3\5:%J
VIIN*R?VC(BL=IS\J*1Z=:]C%8+
:T/;3W




MJ1GSF@W[/GQ.U+1M8AGU+_A)M'\6/$;SR+5;46AM9 R[B7W2;G';IL/K53X.





MD'@P7&CD-O7=9Q



E8'QS




5F^*OAWX[U[6X?$_P

ML=WL\G.
9.S///Y5Y1J7Q@\#6NEV5IX5T2YTC59?


MN&P^)Q%3VTT[O[A3E:/

M0^5VX X]/:O;;;6?!G[
?@77;'4O$JZAJ=X;=H+/9

MXVOQ:O=;N-1T?Q-\4+6+E&@L?[.97( +
-X_W5K0\+_%;X7VNH0.='DUW4[(
MD&XDO9  64\A=I'.[]*[




VM:)_:$T/W

?C7HD/[<&BM^\N]CU=)ONB.

M(X:QT/P!;7




EEC7@6GDS;P!\V-Y_W:[L/@JN$3E-J/DU?]3*;Y=3UQ^/CBX


MC



MF]LJC#=M:
CYNF..IJSXL^
?A+Q5XGT;5?%'P_O-)\16YG\J\CU=@'R@1BR1
M@!L1A.OKQWKE(_C#K5K)=:A/X]BTNU3R]MI)IWF%O^6;#?WPV?SKLI4\1AXV
MFK6[[?@-M7-K]G']G/QKX-N?#M]XR\1Q:+HOA7[1]CMI-/5C
+DR^8-\;Y&







M2A2NE_A



MM(\K_MHK8_)*UCB
UI1]DZ/]?+0];V6&C!
OVGPC^(_CBQGM?$$HL;1=A@'D
M1@O\VXX*





I_#:_]=_U.

MZ!XG/AMM2\Y[.QGC:[^V.)@X!;A-JM^._VJ&/XH^*_B#K6IVOQU3[#IEMY



2I^[?(;

M$8N($DD L]J[5)W*



??$;

_






?&WX33<ZCX2GL?3_ (FLG/K]
MQ/IUKU

M9QOW%/O9PF
]



?C)\.

M7VI?#M]&\3_#^YCU)BJ07']HJJH?.B9CM53GA17H/Q

M+\H(QMB)&













MNB_)G=3JTIQ49;G-Z+XIM==OHXM-^'TM[/%PEU'J*@1$^J'KNQBO1+'X+_$C





M:1^


QR3J<FIR&H

M[X@T;4/$-O?:G*L+_8_LLJ
O[X

MQ-#]AC!E#H,':
8/YU%X?^*'PT\/ZY!9^(-(N;[4+E]YN/[0F5
JK
3L (
MKT





=F2

CMPO'W=M=!I/[6WP^^'-E'8Z7:W&FHP

MG/\ ILG_ 


M










MT'@[2?[5T@AOM'^ELGEJ6)'^L3G)9^GISVKFQ%:I1M*

MPC?^._A9XDCT?Q'KQ0^(K22U6[\[R&\NT'S@*F$CD^X.=W/05YS\0O WQR^)



MG!C?Y=FX=1SOXZ&G^(/VFO ^F_'(7.EZ-_;MZ#AG@G:+)-OM&0R8YW'OVK*U
M#Q?8^*F27QMXEC\3M+S!!:0-9?9\?

M!Y

M?_OOBM;6_P!K3P?XRTO5-


!EOM3/TS

MQ&\18EUE_)T^

+PZY\)X_'/]KFQ



MX ?$8:IX7U6Q\)7GB;2K/[49I([^.$




J=3#P]A.CS).]PYN;4\JL[IY/


CD;KZ5ZAK/[:W
MA/2VCQ8)KZRYW;$\KR
-O MEKMY:OXYUN.S@._[&'M=N_[N_F+DX^3[WKQWINC^%?!VB QZ9KE





MLJ_7=[5K?M-?#7Q)\1(;7Q'\-;P:Q:[OWEM!#@MCRD'

M\=65G#K?A#S+6Z#[9OMOE[


K.W^'VH
MOXMUY+$6LUQJ$
BQ-#O9B(SN0Y5CZ=*]?^'?@WQ=X7TT^/\ XZZC;6U]9Y$%


M*.F2_#&P7^S&88M6\Z0A3C[421M7/W!_$*XR/QYX@L+

M-J&3]P&


M@5?B-X:T*XU?09RV_28)XQYG[XP'
C_


?A#I4'A71-/D

M& 16


*74VOVHT^(
M-UXRUZZ\)VGVH:\L)B_U?RF&*

MT12_N^




M-R#-YZA1L8?PLI08CEQ_P&KCA?;8:3@M;O\ 
Z
5]DZG5H;#X^6]VFD64?@[


M4@W


M_-MRZ_O!QMXZFO+(?B1\-?BGJ6G)\5/!MWI/B70!.RL^J2?O1/\ *0/*4+\L




;W






M&9O[.DTG88X-C+S-#L/

VS8UOX

M6W\LQSB*W&UPW\4A^Z.W/:C$2FL2\%0G:
;6NKO57U


P7
EQ#_ 
LH



M\SCK(?05](^
/V?];^&\.F^+O@=:_P!H^%-LPFTOS












MTWQAX1U;P:WBTV5NLUN#]F'EL



-
M&T.[@BU(?:+/8%@Q)_$=ZC_5@=
5P5E6PF

X[P9\=/#'AK



FW.I*@M1)YG[PQC8^-BGIO3KZUX
M)^UC^V[X1^+/A%O_A)EU&:8DL5#<89)5_UD8Z[3T_PKBHX:5;$1PU%7A'J=



MON









M_7/M7B'P/TF[M?$&@B?Y-0L/.-]%_P ]O
639_$.BGT/6O9M%_;.^#_A#24M




E?%7A?



MM_84XZ7_  .F4L)6A[9_$6/A'^T!X+^)6GZ!+K6GV_F:\9S#'\Q\ORGD#?
$

M/!US'JTNO.NZ2

#
M/@_H-EI_B.ZCTFZA,GVJ23=SF3<O13_P_.ODW]H;]H+1/VB/C!HMAX&E2\6




M

N9.UON

M:;#';S:'Y0N8G19O.\^U$B]5)7'F-TZY]J]8U3Q5X2_X5K+K\-K;MJKG_CWW






M*S-=%-V (Q./O*/7M7R7\!_#_B;P[X%\
PW6G;G)O?LDGR_WY3+T8G^)NH%?






^4!TQ^=5BJ/U.KRX9;G-^X]DI3W.1T/XN^


(ZJ/[G?







DWE[MQ\OS!]]1[]*^:_AK-KGASP[X8T*?1O*
_&'AZ;4Q;W,&H?:%B'EJF
MW9$@;HI_Y[C\J] ^'/B+P+XNTB?Q'+;Q(WRMA._[QU_NC^[7QU^U)^T+H/QZ
M^(?@?3/$T=_)9-??:M@^[OAB9/OJ/\ GD_3TKUGX-:'J^E:;=6UW:?Z)L7?








'K2.YLXC$5F1U;K9E1PR@C_5UQX3XJLI4ZFD48SQ<U.]C['O

M

MY4





M


MOA9?#^I^
#CY<=*]/\ '&JVZ10:+X.M;=9G^9F\M6Q\R..H'J:^)/V=





RR@D1@=M1C*57 XR5##QYK[,O8NABL/S3V.-N










YF\X2R=.D<)7C:1]V05T?A7]




G'WC]T_TKU[5O$/@_3]-DUS2;6WFUR0[84^;JLG


M_HFB.WF:MJ'VC=;[&7R/+\QNI8@YC/8#I7TW:_M _#;X77BZ5XDU:.RUA2V1

MYW?.?FZ%&;LP]?0UM]57U-5*ND]2::M


M7PU:1W5DDF5F1U;(-DJCAE&/]6:Y



W?



C. T
M??

_::^'
MWPKL8]'O]0CCU6/=O5_
Y^8M_=/]ZL



WDO)!ZO\
MW)-H)3P48#[XZ$?C78K^V%\'O=B\-]XBBLKW3KT<3=9/F/2
#^/OFOD'2





KM]Y2/\ EH/2N(\'


MOWU ZM)TKS9X7'5
(\0I6BWIKVT-$Z+5S[@U#P%X0U!5\1ZA8_9]N79M['D#
MR^H]E/6ODS3OVC/A_K7A;4(/!?@_[791F))+S[;V



MQ

/NN.GI6Q\<O
MAYH'QN^

*E6C







M]


4?BA;^!
M/ANELVEC4-:G\S['8^?)$9MFWS,$J5X5N_K7B7PO\=?!SXK?$*[T37/MSX
M:\42^7MMY]2FF$FVW:0[0JA5Q'&.G7(]*]-_:N^#\WC+6/#_ (G\)S^=XZ\

WI6]\*]<^'WQ3\3;$\&2:&+4*K!]19_OH




M;EHO-MR





MMG1EWXT]7?IQQL7K7T-XT\.:%J7@G[;J&G1H;0ML* ?+NF0GI]!UK*IBYTTH

FI
OW%5^=P.?O5'X)


M]MJ'AS^R/&D)A$H\S=OS'+M^[\G$0'W?7Z5EB\3B94TJ-].\M2UA\
=YJW[/


M-8=0M=%V6\^X;O/DYVRO'_[)7H7[0DD$?PM\0.Q^S&00J3LW;OW\?^?QK!_9

OJ^&YCE/BMX)^%WPICLQ

8X;Z
MG\J^AXK.:#R+;39]MLH.3M5@O)]?Z5X[=7WA/P/XXDN_$.M1P7?RE5D@D[0C


_P6[1=/+8_=X/WQ
M7H'PY^(GP_\  NE_:O$.K1:7XCNN;[S$D;SK'9T4KPK#[OK7R7^V?\ 'C0_



MQO/^[F
X^]SV/3TKA_ANVK6UUJMEJ.IQV6D_N3*9(/O\O(OOPV/SKWOPW\6?
MA;X)TN2+3_$-N2NPM^XFZ$_+U4]I!TJZ^(Q67XB6&H\TETWL:T\/#V1XQ?\



M([QE6$


]*



.E1

M\LR_3^ UZ!XJ^&OPP\(^'O+TW2'N)9







M W;?)V^M=M3ZS+#K$34HRZZV
Z4K2L=;8^#]\2W.J6OA7P_(]CD9N&DN]V





MZU]






O%FF6


M&]T[*:]C

_X

MGI7F7PIL]3TFTN(-4\31H]]Y?]HB2TW9V%FAY' [?=KZ=^'_ (E\ ^#=-F32

MSI$BQ2[?[0$=U



89OWD#=E
AZ?/_K
5TYM+$4E34HR[&OM,-4]TU-#
M^VE^)KVUU?P=;?8-(LS+MFG=I_/#!T.-S!AAE?KG.ZLCP38^!_%WB34-*\0



7OBDNY&Z2(H_P!7
M\OW76O2O/PZ^%OCB[MM0M5+QKDN!/<?W&4=?]TUY1^WS\<O!0\ V6FW<R2:
ME.TGEQ1O(NS9-;

MKG+$U
.ZT^92U
:7QGI6H?#_ 

I\GW_7#]/2

!_
MZ#6!-\


^(GQ0\

M[?3IM*^SW*[A8GSYOG^=VDZ

MN(7C

/AGP+IO]L6L+2?;)O/D^0L&E4?/_P/IZ5E:]X+



MTA):

6B0&0!_+E;EY3GA@2/W


9 W??G[
MO'849W3Q&%C#$1B^8YJ-&E8QK'X2Z*LW]HKI<FG:9:[BYDG\SS
JVWGJ

!

O'3[JK7O/QJ^
'A+PIX-DAN-6C^T



;7


WVZ



M?0?:(PS3N(6Z[]PZ*?[QK\ZOBQX\3Q_^UMJ2Z'X@C1%:
8C@;M91MW4?W33P



M.?NB/K7H9U2QF6\JI5FK_9['%16&4$CA]8^#/A;3_ &H^)%L)-(TY6A*-).T
MOFCS AQCD8XZ^M:7@7X1_#+XK:18R)=[Y(MV^+]Y\V9'4?Q#^X?SKH/VM/BA
MX9TWX(ZW9_:_DD$(B_UG:XBS_





M/#FE^!$N;2]@G? 



';?2[GQ;_9$\^[RMP-

MA[K%_I^ERZ+J^MQI;/&





?F*UR
?P3\
C2+YH] D3PFFP_:))Y/E^9
MNG\?^L_E6IX+\46_BRU\+VGB#4?LEC9-=-)][]YOR1T]&5?SKTGXO?$+P;X1






M/IM^(?M0^R;MP1RR\]1_%^=?1?@&\\(^#=/6'3]660
-SLZ2G.&9N


MC^YSW7I7J4O[+WPGT[33KL&EW$NA?-\OVV;C#%/XOF_UA[U\B?&SQMI/C3]H
M;4X=&U:

M=?OO_O\ ^L%=V:0Q%.G3J1C*Z!T8+0C\._!70]1\=6&K:9HTEAHEJ)_(DDG:


A_.J?P]^'_ (&\5:?J-NTF^9616'S?+ECZ?2OI23QKX7\&^&T@



M$Z:Y;PW


/!'@?P7ID\/C'3_[-U.10$B\

_WJ\I_X*)?&#PE-H^CV

_9F7/;E2/RJ7X&ZGXDLO+N_)\W3Y6?\ YY\#Y_Q[UO5E


/\ -_=SN_P_2OH\XEF65UG]4K6;MI\C/#TL+S/GW.:T7X(Z





E<V*Q&)P.(Y:4
M78NGA(5J?MCP'7_ ?PR\#W45KXMNOL^MN22N^9=W1A]WY?NNG3UKMO#O[
?P


MV]'_ &??=YXF;4O]A]MWD_;&\]ODPCJG^LYYP_W?3GM6;H?PM^&VI:O?:=
MJ%OY6HDQ#9Y\W)Y].*^CO#\^B^$=('DM'9XR;EG21LY+
/\ T)OSK\VO$6M:




\%


UO1WWRD2?+^\X^61*


6T\-_\






MWZS\H^S_ #1X#9M0.&D4_+*G5:\/&2C5Q\\12?NS2M]R/3H594\-&
MR?7U^


5Z

MCH4OE[=X;-Q
MW\0/WHV]:]&G./LTG/DY?Q['!B*/M
3*KWL9/A(^%O!OQ2UG0?&%W=/X?D\D

?$;2_@5IG@F.Y\+7*G4F;
8MY+A23Y@SN/?YMWZU
MR_PG^+_P?^(7P.CTW7;D)XATPGSOGF7.^Y=T^ZF/N1IWKV/]E?\ 9\\#2Z*=


BMP%'!ZU3O[6UM[=YISLC PS?-QGCM]







MBX\&^

MN=#610+(0

EK'#


M48Y\X_TJ.X!RP
IRTJ/-!,JZ9
M^R;J%SJCV$/P[N/NH7!RVLW6H_:8OE5FSY._!Z;?;?GM7V#H_PGFTOX?IX7

M\S_QRO
Q=?


M^*'P3MO$G@F#3'MG
5N^#Y?'F;ID_P!H8^[^M?-\G[*_ACP_J%C

MJ.+7+)FC6;R[6UA^S@%5')8[MV\].FWWKEK/]H3XCVVI:7K\T/[VY28M#^[Z



U_Q)*5VB-%@$.-R\JK%#E73_

WCYB^1CGIZUX+K7QH^-OP^O?!V


M?NB_K10P^:9QB'4=K+S78[


M/$OA[_A+=-+

#?1O9LOWF8'9U_




M&-ON*]8NOA_^T?;WUQKS:[:F$8_XEG]G6K
W5




)KBUOOB=H^VQOF(1=E

;_P*
MS[]ZV!I5).M3V.U^'W[.^I:UK&E:QK:C3-(TX2FRL_E4QF2-DE!(8[_ )B.
MO3\:[7XZ?!6U^



UPU?Z_5LE]Y5-.4;TMC\.?LTZ)X3
MU:_D\



!'$C;/*5E3



?=;\ZX#PW^S'XI\
M/QI%X1\+/X=49\V2[ECO!+\S;=A=^


)*/MSE4;H3]WMWN_:/VEOA#HLD\C1^-(Y 68VEC:VGE#











MOX+E)3;XM;=






MYE A^4

MC2^\*Z%);^-]9.PW$4$$-N=/*QB12QD4!_




MR1D6YC2U7[+G
BY! SNV


6W@#3[9=*^UZGTI$WGLOD9FW_ '_

MOOMVE7



M4]4TB[NM-73/!5JEP9--W*6DWJS$&8
3Q-GKZUZ)\2_@E8^.=-CL9]/BT+2(

=U<?[2HKOMS17X&SPJC1N<WX2_9EMK&ZN
M;+P_8R+<JR"XD??Y7#;N'?NN[IZ5]??X,_P#-^#YX/%$@O)IA&3)L6#;

MGI75_LP?M
?$[Q+I.HZ7HMI_PD.I1LH?_4Q^5\TY7@@@Y51TQTKWLR_M3$4Y


;1]XG[X]ZYJ

M9BF ?]E.U


M@0KK

MC#;=6.BB'3+AF%DVRS;SBN[S??AT/YU1U#]J#XI? GP[.GQ!\+?9I24^R7&;


MH:^=?#_Q
^*FC^%=0\8Z3/\ VIHVH)[F/9;K]GNT*\NI)SN;H!]VO9OAS\


%-6O,F'4?M5NZS%9 [?)#]Q&0=1773QF9UN


E^









$18QY@8
N7_=]*\X\*_L\:;X+U5/A;X3


M@A8:D5VH^%C8[-FY/O 9\SCH:^B;KQ?\=?C%H*G0K:/0%Q\\\D%O)YG[P8(&



MSXA^;Y[7PW;_P#27^K$;H/W



_

M.7[7/BS6(=.\&V5G]G\5MYF]=\;;@?*E/& !^Z+^O6A4
QSS%RJREKZKHA+#
M+4E370](U[]C?3)O$T0U/3_ +5I5BO^B_O-OWH_F^ZP_P6@7[W^-:WA/X


$?VBOB1X<\82^&]$
MTO\ X6S=M\\K0I#9^02K.N[S%(.<G&TC[ASU%8X.<86C^ZUCKKH=5:G1E93


M-Y%X6^'_ (7D\-6N&#W5Y/'=.R[2YQO?=]XNO_ Q67XR^/'QQ^'MK;Z'X@T:


M:S&PFF:-KZZFC65;LB1G&U=_R;

M_:.:2N_3]3U

7[K:Y?
M

N1*&8A2^#\P;I7QU\-?VO/



X[5Y=JGQ[^+MKXPT3PQK&E_


M1R9:-B)-^8S\W3''4US7QV_9?3QYXE@UFVT:0I'N*RQS\8*HO(W#^Y7B/P9_
M:0\=IXP\8Z%9^#+K5]:U VGVB3[;#&EHT:R/'^[P5.]-J_+CISVKTM/G[4&
MGZ@US!XCM7L^=EC_ &7:EPK#/F%_P#:W]*QA+

M8B\



LG2NK#5LSKX:I1II:)?R]S6M35*7M9;
^^-%^&=WI_P +



M1M9O-:XYYO1K_6:L+15K;<NR^\NC&@Y-RW
GPW^R#I?@F^%I+8?Z8N'$V_=
MYG);IN.

MEHXMY]2!31Y_W

EUJ&JV4FF2:
M84
4#^2?MWFL



:YLMTQB=4;C:9/]:3'T%=7L\SS6LZKG9/EZKI
M_P 

 N%'?U



MM;7R!]WYRO)SOX_W37.J^

M?/8R.Q^4
=N-WZU%\0?AWH_Q#M/(E!M;[/$GS$ %EW9 8 _*#UKX$F_::^).
1*GVG B4A=B




5PWC

1M/M%K:W?VK)1GP64;=N'^N[VKC_ (A?M-?&?X.^



7VL1Z%H$FDZ-,T*V<TIM9<Y51+T (PZMU]:YOQE^TI\8O ^NZ9
MXN[/S-6N1(6FV6Z[CL6;^Z?4_G7@TZ6:8ZI&#E:4+Z:?H6L5A(*Q]1^&?A/





*B:C-7_ *N85*F$Y]CV
MC]H#]C^R^-?BK1-5@(T]M%

_A6


MW$AF_O'=][\


M6_D_XJ@&-8H?+C7A?-E/\&/N(*[J.2YQA\74E))6MV&L=A*NA];_ !Q_9\TK

&Q0W! *C

7Y8;#N5PNXXXF%?-
4$G+6R<4R%B
/8


MQH=O\FR





MO6^L3:;O




^.'BSPS-XPUG[
M)H&D&Y#H((X_
\V!
\H^XXDC'YUQWB3]HK]HKX=JWB#Q+\/I[;PWI_-XQGM1



M<




MEXA\:IJL;:OJGD-'9I;QC/E%XN?F('R-7R1+^V1\5_#/A+3=1\0:?Y_A*8R[



[



0Q^

FAQVK
;R=[BUD\YC@H1M4D8.WL/



M$0@=(8XUA
?D



MN+9E#C!9ACOTKQC_ (:*^
M<9\
M8OVXF\67&CWOP\DVW


])TGQU?3ZGHFHZDZLC.WVV2)5)0-TWX.=WZ5ZA\./@OKUYK26NB

M'Q^W

M (NUBVNHH?\ A$M+T7YIXI]MS]O$RMLP0PV[& Z]=_M3?VD/V5;3XJ&VU&V\


M@%CC[XKZJ^$_PKU1]4DUM[J.QMG/[J&2#S=_$D9YW#IQ^=?-7PD_;HUB[U#Q
M''XMCCO5N_LPT2...-
85_M/W(B#U7KC^==P_P ;OVBM8N!)HGP^N-0TH9+&

MS1XL_8B?Q9X^GN_(O$M7D7A)Y

J]MP]*^:_@5^W'K


MKVZUX#J_[;FN^



MG76+


MBCDC3[-B5BF=Z@?




Q'W6





MWBG7UHQ57/\ 



M2I*\

#V'6L/Q%^TAX_P#&%\Z?#SX?2:PH



TP;[YRNV2=Y'P1GH'8^O:NZ









M$O\ :







Z98^OZ5TGQ%_;RUK3?%5J/V@R/87!;SQ)/'+C+MQ



MZ5#+^VOKGQ

M&HQ0_9MX:6+.Y/FW().G3:?6M/PK^W





0Z]./
_Y3=?OJ-J.YXAX*_9G\+^%;XZ[IVD3W.M1D'31-J$S



M\:VNJ^*[32O#R7B#[)_8\L9@ 3Y?](SO3NV[KZ5ZK\/OVZ1X@\!OI^H66SQ]

+VS@)DY9DZ^E8TG[9
ME]XPN5\9Z-X%N(=


MC\VRZ?\ ^+T9$Z7N?N]CSSP3\#+W3+%M*\(Z7_96A2+C4[R=XYM^T%HB S%
MUPP;[O7//05[K\3_ -GO4O%WA'P_8ZG&ME\_FLL'S-F1'Z[@?O!_P Z^4?$

M/OIN.9$;\JD\+_MC^/%'A'Q%J:%)_:.GF!YK*2?S-P:4H

MSG KV;I:_P#;I=3;0Z7X


NK:7_ 
(YH%W]
MH2.ZWQS?:_+8JX^5


%6

XP9(O3K[55_X

M/2GS

M?ZL
'69+FXRN]9'F8<J.@



N/+C

M*\:TJ.GK$X:*P_(CP^U_91TS[7)XBN-4DN?
&ZTLY)I/WV 8V'W^WR_G7U=\
M



NO)RQ3KZ5Y+#^VY
MJWAF[
GC/X;2Z);KAGNI+R3RU)!4@*F?NNO6J'QZ_;ZM?M[HD7PVD_MJ[N








D:F7._SL;4QPH3KZUT-]^U9
M\7M:U%/^$8^%5\FE+G==/?VCJQ/0@



MYZ_+YOSI]Z()_J]_KTIUM_P4%2X;^PHO ]R/& X-O]KC7:1\W]S9_JUK&E7Q
M^'HJE&A_Y-$Z





?

MI9BU*

MD:.%(%R=ZR$Y(?\ V1UKE_VK/@'IWB;78$M)9%;)#21W3+UCB[!ZM?#;]N==








M:E!9:;)/YOF[R5F VIL&$S][UX[UX?9_\%'M:==0M[KPL9=1C1%$D2XW LQ
MY3:?E)KHCCLXAA9T:-+;?^D3B:?-9T]CZ:\+_N2^^%EW%J0\C7=7&9%^;CR
M9I&7[O'W0O2OCSQ1^Q&\%])%K.NR6\9(\N-&F ;ACD4YZ#J!UKZ!B_;B\[

M!+_J_P#2[=?^6FW^%/[SQ]?\:Y
'5S?#T?;NE\3\OU-(4I^R..^'OPGU#PGI
M*^&M(EB;3-0&+F2.U5CA%9UR2Q/\;5[)\5?@;]L^%ZZ!I&H2?:.?
*(QQF5)



MU7B^F_\ !1?QW;V-M%=^$SYKB0_:_




M\Q

'Y98^OK1A

W\7K]:(?VZO$DUJNHW'P[E32O^?E[^# )^7(&S/W
MS6+GG#F\5.EI_P!NCA&=*'L#A?@]^SEH?@/5A)#?R:OJTPPAT9?*(#9Y+\Y
MR/RKZ4^_P %VT_0=8B\4VN([OR?*/F













XZQ


M]W# IL*-G/7S!Z5F7/[)_PT)IOB*^O=0N/$MK&27A@2&#S
XDDOSAB&_
MO/AA)?5.3VT4[[==_5%NM2N?0'@?6/WA/4M0A^%EK_ 





_QO


M1)6/'NQ/\ [
-?GB




MM$6VG^



MIEU'K^N:LR91W)


9O


MCVO]H22FX#F':.!:Q9SGI\I?I7S7M9UZZ;ZZ_/0VIUW&G8XG1/#^I:+!XDU+



M2.ROY)(@5%S!)/='9A R#!^7[T1_*O3=/TC57_;;\+MXP_=/IPG.B_(J[]^F
M9N.5X/S*/]9Z\=Z\[

-%4(1;]Y7_


MY_W]]1^%_%UOI_\ P4#:TUK]SXBOQMO/D5MX32G:/E00/DQW'6L75?A-K?A/




MR_.!ISK']WCA
?G7S3C'$^TJ\UN577ROI\[FT\=*2L8WP(\5:K^U?XH\%C6M






M$:9*;5;]W;+Z_AWYWX.^'/A]X7^($GC/X:ZG_;$
S9L9/
F;SAY+P-_K21\H


 -
M\J'[Q.

MSS;E@.O+98KTZ8]ZNEA%5Q

M\2S&Y

MVG\GR


MB_PHL(\3LKS&9;E#':;8W8I'B%BOR!]VW)QQGTKQMXB\*^,O%G^T!9QQ0W
M&B^:71.H:686?/RCT_NFN \/^ ]*\/\ PYUK_A5EY_:_AV^^S_:]5^;_ $G9




M\U



?[ 6G:]


#&

)+0R#
M4;C[


95G








'%=_\ '+P?=S?MC^'-



M

MQV5OYZ_Z0TENUK*?F(^[(Q;E#TKTFZU#X-_';7H_$





MVO-36KT?JVKBE6Y8)
]=UOPGHWPK^

M-A7R79N@QGWKB_BM\.O.GTC4_%GCQKB^\0^:YMX+22W6

V'3W

+&_P#VO/&%MI2;-0NS:*&/\6RQE)_\



MS-R

GA_SYCPJD#YF4H?D;?U%9?V;7

WD_
M+:XX=6WY5V/S#C9U&:@\1?L_V_@W7M*\$^*_B&=1\6^)I)1]C@@DB7]P/.&Y







=M?LMD=+O








M%G^T&V8
M17'^KQC:(T^\HSNXS@UVVM6?B/Q!\
_B=HWBO6(]8TF
::(9H;%8'DW2!Y




MVN6Y^RFS

OV%1P\Z2=58-T3WKE/C1!IVGH+GX@R26UOH+!M&$;[?
^T*@FS

2GH.U<YH_

M-\HVA7-8T*$

K^&-46X\NZD=FSY4C \-N8?O''7
M'XUQ?B'6OA3\<XX]'\6:]_PA^NY8:GI/^D<KNWPC]V /N1A_ES_K:U_VA/ N
MIZM\-/NE^'H_PT?6GK=^9/_OSQ-G]Y\_^M1Z\^I2LY4H[?UUZZ]2;.6IU
M_P 5O$3?LG_%CQ!KUMI']IZ;XJ:W&FPP3K%M^S6Z139W;@?]:?[O3OVC^*FK


_;]URP\+ZA
M\+=8O=2CL+.#^UA%:O!))YS-]EC;D=


M)O\ [-;P\?*((-^=_P H^0-7#&C[26&JSEOS?^2Z:FGUB5*/*C@Y/!]SI?B7





ZIX0N'^'N<F\\^'Y<Q^5GCYO\ 7U]%3RR2





R?N

M9








O!5Y%8^-+I[ECJDT?F+\MRUR/D?
M(;*22KP3C=7 -\9?#_P]TF;POX)GDU#6KH[9&DD9OLF'WQC]YQ\XD*\?C6-\


\77-:4\%&=:\G[R:5O1)&%2M*%HH].T6
MWTP^ ?%?PO\ %6LQ^)/#^CFT^SW$


M ?AOX'





(OB9J'QLTZT\ ?[3I+JTY/VJ3;)]MPZS'F4#



OTZ





M

;B1ORMM<;65EY!Z=J]1\2:M\&_B=?^)?#-WJ%Q!9*(#-#YTWS

?UKR*5-.
'7ES.;E=[;?#^
M)A3K2E/0[#QEH][\&[/P+\)O!UO#%JWB(:@-6N(T5]A@Q=6Y.\G'^M/W



M%#5O&GQB\

ZFNBG@UA4W4E9'+K.R9[9\-_%VF?
M/Q=I?PZDFBO/A_K2RCPU=7NYI4
$;SWO[Q\R/F=C]]EQC R 


MFO?W7+[I(OVDSJ?BWJ6K:#XG\


M



8]8\)W1#7&A36/F.RK
+?)E?YAME:1O
M^ T?$_P)XTT+XV_$K7O!NFR:GJ&H#3@\

MEK#J#7%Q+XJ4NS:!Y\W)
@'=3%_JI/

M/\


9]ZYOQI\
OL2C6




M?[9M


M15(-SW7VY8UBVR !H]LJM]W.[=@\9J[X


9YSD8


M]?E'_@Z?
O[(_5IH/VJOV8[^ZU=[:Y^).@I$=3A@@6(P^;=J8@P7:.8H4/?O
MT[^@_#_T#]H[Q_%XIUFW#PB715);DW
;1-TV_\\QUW?AWY?]C'P?#8^-OB
MK



MVCSN)/N*&&V6

Q

G3TIUK\5





MU_P3_OVF7='B/ ]AJTF?_0!7+./+0E3_ +RBO1\K+56;
[P_X\U_XH:?I7BW
MQYJL?A^/7%E.AN_._P DE;O BQT*+]]1UX[UU_AR/Q/XD^$/B+2O$^O6\^EQ
MM;K;7:V2!_FE9Y










9FC(\C#I\J;1$LGOYGM7/?
MM 67BJ;X4_#[3O#22^%_#EDVI![E]MR)]UPA503RN'#+[_A7%/!J-3T;_(JE
M7Y:?*=S?7&C_  U_P 0_6XTN+5M$\4+;C1XP[6\MM]GC^U3;W&6ERTJXW%
M



3CM



2&ADFFV!1;[!\ARO?


MLR^@FE^W0?Q;NBKT+?AW](UGXJZKKWQ
O?AUX





Z^D;-:=9ZLYZ-7V


M'Q(T$JTBVG^B8
]RF






;?=;_ #L9JMRQ

M[X7?!_PIX3\







[VQU_XI? O1'U#Q#J%OXCMG).

WFPP[@B


GFW5FDC-)\W._5T7O_ $KR
M8TOJ=-5(;.\?73K\SMA6-2.U\$? #1=2^-=_HYU'Q-J(A_L^UWR 1*F;.7(W


W'EYCTQT[]O+_'7@'3=)^%%QX(^'5Y+JEA8F(7U
M_([$+YDZ2QX#]

MK3IX7#4Y1=W*Z9@JVIN6UY9_L=?!\^+(-*CO/%WBK_5QR/CR#:W&QL!PZG

MS?W?N]^W4_\ 9?&W3;XQ7'BFR_X223!71WTN'.U20'/R=#V%5?VYO =UXK
MA\ P:?J45I);F^ MI$W&XS]F;@]L;?\ QZO-+'Q%IEY\6K;XC7ME=?VJF5V^
3U=_P ]#JCBN70Z?XH:-:?'KP]X&\<Q:!<Q^(;O

7PQJ4=HMN
<<+&OA7]E*^U'X1&TEGA\0A1!=/(RA/(3[4V-VY

-^\&Q]

MR33OBU\8M#L[/5[+7+/QY:6N_P#MJPCTZWMF@W
1;DL?4 -\BGW[4O[2.B^/
M=._:F\)^(_#EL)9;4WICM]L9\W=8QH?G?A=H+-[X]J\@\!W7@7P_XP\1:K%X
MSMORM;#5+:X@N+D\0ND&UU4JN-ZO\ )ZC/05S2P
*E&..EK3CK47\W-MKN

/L.
MDIYLK+Y=PV



MQFTO7?#O[4WC;Q#X2NHEOX?L;W%G)!&QN-UDL:X=N4P#)]WKN]A7F_A6+X:^

MD/0['X-Z)X#_ &GH]:O]6B7P)IB?\2_2)8Y &WV0$J[SU_?
6Y!^[VJ\M[\8
;
MYV=S&I64F=+XD^+R77BJ+X9_#*U1WMP1K%U''&XMV=%GB)##/.9?NLWW3G'&






%.XJO
H;H
[1Z5T&OVOQOU:ZM_$-W



^]2?L O8ZU\6?C%=VW_ ZMHRI_P*Y4UY+


MJ?*1II_E4%FX\I/F(QCCJ:\/\.^';&\\+:YX=UPRVO@[Q8+8:YJ$;X%M]FD9


MI%UQUKW#PMHGA_P/\;)_B5;^+/ME[)M
CC<//%S]



M1OM*U+XJV7B*SQI5Q_9(Q\O\*SL.G^TR]:Y#]CIK/QO^S7X\TFU3[-HX2Q
3


K%3@2)LN8R3N'.?:KOAF;QGK2^)_A3\0M&^1OLS:9J

MSI
B/]YQ


EN/
E^V
M=I99-JHH0;;81]?[XKJ?#_@G1/A]JGB71M+O)+_ ,3W1MCJ,SS2 +L/[K-

M;_2?





Z*_@Y+P:?-]X/]ICWR91/O8_=]

V




[?^[F5
M.I[-ZE:U\9_''6+BPMK75;+3?$5YN:7P_)IUO,9 A9E ?:%79?WS[5R/Q:T
MFP^.&AZ1XF\+O_PBMX%E&N'?Y@8918

M)M=.F?$W2Q%]MMMDQ%H)(5MDRJ

MQ^*(6$W]NR6L9M_*.]'MM_FJ#RSMC:3]TY[4\/D[JU7@:3]?S.FIBN961]%:
MUK^H:/9ZIX ^&T






H MD1+?(1@#S#_#[UR^@7%AH_QNU/XB6'CJ.\



M&8K]$CBR8HQ




(98]0$+C^TM/2RM
MXO+#L8+?YAP<EX_N^E2ZW\(_#/C;X\Z9KLFDR6]DJN7BCNF4;3:A.5!GIW!

MZ^)/B#\0_$B7/C2WN+?0?AI8F/S(O[/M7-T9%6$Y8 'Y9_7/WJOT^+U[=_
5KBW2;YMY&P<L&_UZKZUU5CX@U;QY^VYX4\<1)]IT;3_M TUMBKYF_3!#
M

M-)(1YV5NC?9XX_U8_OY]:]
U_P ;7'PCUG2?A?\  ^RM[W4M*20ZJ[(KO;^;




-(^;C_1]BCEBOWBO1:\A^$VF^#=#\!WBV_P 2[?3?






)A+&;E%+G
^WJ1C'O7
Z'X4\*_
M [QWX_O-9T.YDN?!RZ?_ &)'/=






#_



MFH:YK.FSP_
==T/^R+56M!@BW'F=]RD-\OX]JP?B5X!\ _'_ 
)P_$3PBIA\


=
=O

M-8N/DY_UHC_@KJ-(^.7Q5^)EPFJ^&)8_#^A:@!_9=O):V]Q]I*_N[@@-@C#+

M/@S3O'?B'_A#I=.%Y_9




M/3_$_A;Q-O\ [(N[?3(K9K;[


M1)N3_5SGJ!_AUEO\3/CLOB5- OH+=;_=O^R?8K?Y@59A\VT+T-5_VZ_AG+XG




M5TY=5%[[F6W@
?\ X[OKS*7M*-\

M+6/4?B%XG%T;=).=OV65YWXDW+_J9Y/3I^35^

M5WRKSWZMWQ%XS^*OBK08=3^%]]9_#_ 
)Q!R7NM.M]0
K
ZIE2=K+B42


=*X#Q



LO*J3_K5]1TKM?$'PM3Q=JR^(O%_BP^']+TM


:%^T9X/\




&_#_ (/M[?6_$/\ ;
-@K'[3


M 

8[=375MJ?Q_U#6#!93V2
!\UBFCV;$?+W?IT0
MUXA\*_CEI7CCQ%\0?#

M!OQRN?'I\6?\3-R















(]H^2-4X:8X.(OE_U2K7BB





M=YPV

MO#WQ6\*RR7?P\U(3E8F#.L(BB^S''F


MCN]1_P$HLRQWV]E\T ?:7.&YX&Y.O\%=?I







ZKXN3.GM# MN]N]JC7


?# TZ]*3I64-+<SNO.S]3HEB/9^ZSZ)T3_ (*?VWA/



%5COSG;G'';K6I7%?



/J


$7B[(7VOM29/N[5Z0=
MFK9\+_''6OV5]4B^''C#3Y+N2Q!W3Q^7'N#*9?\ ;S_K?6OHOX[? GQMIOQ6
MTGX@?#11#J

MO]J;QTG@FQTV2QL_$!*76IR2-)]E\F
3K\NU2=WE





\&_$[P+\.;B3P/$M


5B

R3L47*&1^WW?7;6


/N@?V7\1K-5_X2+2?/\W[+NE6*VY#(;H(






?Q(-


*Q$Y3VBGIZK;\#T:F&496*?CS
MXUW7[27AW1/#^F:3')XOB,XNMGEM]GWLLB[A@*<QQ-W/0U6C^ ?[2$GAH7H\
M2:<CVNTBS_L6UW$NPXW9 ^^/XO\ &NG^-7@W6_OQ*T_]HGX6P/JFA:H9#JD
M
8C 0Q11V

M@\

8CCDG:01M$3!P/F49C=?

MC'.?/OBA^T!X\^



QIJ$G8^@O$GPKL


MS!?(FCVZ&'[.H:
'D]6EC-=)\/? _C+]B[XD:A;Z9;R7'@B_6
:L[R*RJT4#



3
MN
IZ

*\X\2ZDO[
M
O@FPT+PY9?VA\1?&@R9/[OV.19!]\%?]1
?3I67^QK\7]9^#NH:CX6^(EGL






MCPG

*OB!^UA\0-/\,#P)<^'OAY)!?3FXMI
M1*K0++&3MVN

UC3_BMJR_
MV-X/T!)1I=K_ 


6_R[H;OM

*;1MC5



M22J1LNGD_P#@_P!;F%3#>\SD/!?[.OQX\;Z'J=KJVK0^#ITI

KUYNGB?@Z_

M^$_V==4^*F@^)K[5=4B0ZE]G:!I+7=M:-B'P=P/2
_PUX7^T!\2/%/QPUN3P

O:LFW^
7CSP7XVT[XGWOAZ30/AWI*2)J$KR0MY[2(





M/CR0










.H+&2ZLK]Y_+MHYN<1S^2<_)CJ/6O%QV!QM7V67TY7E
M7NW_ -NV'3G[.I]CD_%-_//;Z%\:M'LI9]

9QYSGH_



_VNM7L=%O[F'P/)96

M^T?@




5J^O



=4^(G[*OQ:


M/3_#WP&\

WW6_AY[5T-]X3L/V8?B5::^D

?@3K6L^+?BQX=EG75!

CJ6'\2/V[5Z1^S_ *]-\9/ ]_\ !GXHPC1_'MJ%

MA)

=0T_PYJQM


SN)C?+'M_=]
M+J#JJ^C]&'2J'Q$_;5\6W']D0:)\.I;ZNC(3-)=V\W*LO9TX^4/WY_N?U2






OB?P]:[/LNI6J0V L]Q
M
S;O+)DDW
T6-PXV''4UZS8^-+S]I/Q'%X(\+6-OI/@NVS]LO/EE
NY1+%G(








M0V\?O(KR'_6*3]TR]'J

M
\37%Z)$\




LD%C';9-RK 9\M69OWC1=%




.IOZG\8=3



M';Q




ZD566/S+27 7*_<:/[RK[
8TT<=UL#B0B/Y@6G]V#U!K<A_;3\.6OP:
M;Q=?3!;VUW&[M




X@E.U\QMB!V^^I//R\UJ?$C5M0
MT%=(^
_A/3+HZC.+A=9C


FI6A'0K^
_

$_BB?L:RU_9[^-G@.Q/B*



M8(I&

M;'X]N7^'=GI?@;7-9^.GQ&87DUPMN_AF#.QH2L;V=UDJQ5MQ:(_.O';J:\_^




M'C2/[(T+4R@TN28QG9Y?FRW&/)W

F];I72=GH

?&?B[Q%XU^'OA3S8;0P'3IM\+B(21K#


L+N.9-TAS+.W3'W:]@^+/[7GB#2[79X9^&





?BKXLU)O%WA*[L[$


MNX.2JN


MPQX?NE&Z\G@AO/M04!N
OOCVLK]N=_M5CPO\




ML7B\3S-1O#OY]K ZNZ^)$G[5WB+2O/AJUCTSPNWF_\)+
D:L3PLEEV1A^\


_A7E7Q.\:





-Q]L5MQ3!+_+MPW;G?[5U/@'0?%^G^(FMO'[V=Y!IA^:XCMX8

XCTKP'X;$AN8XT4_://APGSKM
M9<2Q#IG.[MBM?PQ9V/[4OQ$UO7EE\KP;H[6ZVL7EF;[9YD1C<;L C;-#\V?
M;O7D7Q_\00_#'PS9?!3X7R_\)!XPMBW]LVT/!A!E2\@#&7CF*23[K_P\]J]A




M)#;
V[B4W
[.#LXV_NX_?.?;GC/&GQ:MOC-X8'A6_@C;Q1:;\K)'NW;V6;NH






.

M=Z]3TW]I;QQ81I:W7@2YU^_N

M[[4+'^P?#VC!_M=GF.5F66$A063:PP\/OU[=^C%SQ%6



7+CH
MIZ]N^_\ M ?#G4O /CG2OC#\*G$VC71E^V*!@!1'#9K]]@?O-+_#7=0HRPM6



-_C!\:M.U6U\
_;?A;IQD-N?/AY
EL W8/_
M 

P_&M]J/CJR\-_$OPC.?











M/O)Z1[O_ (!)U7Q&BM/AAX-TSX/Z:8V\3^(C







M-ZBW]ZWIIZ'%5IJ4^='F'AGPSXTL;R\\ ?%#[/K&C2-&%OX+2&#[+M)F.?*4

_=SG/;BK/PG\


M?




ML

!6_.OG?XI





M %B;O]89.AKDJNI6E!RTFUKY?\/_ %L95

MHMO[
;/WU#;)?NL.\'\2]_K6YK U/XS?#Z74IK?[-XE\.[0!E?WGGRJA'\(_


M5M





^5I4*Q?9/N_
2KV

MGAVX_;;^*EI;7NF_V=X2\([@MS\O^EFYA);IMD^66V;KG[W:O//CO^TY'\4/


MF:7_ 
)#I]XT@GL@8URT=ND2?

M'?15*L/WGE&/_5_O.HKV

M):F.%OO*T



M'S[)6-M%GD_PRG^&NV^(FM67PV\86'Q@F5+OPYJ7F?;X9 ?]':.(6J8^4]6;









_L
ML_M%:5K?Q=G\4?$F7'B7Q 5728?F_=F6.7_5H%Y01]5'3O7@5'*C.51.Z3
M_'^OQ

NO


M?!%A#YOC*8AK3[O 4Q3-]]

M$1


(X)(Q=.D=%8D
ME?M$V$?'S-%U:K?[7GQ[TJ36[GP%X2CCU7XLZ.%-I'&[+Y:RK#.^=R%3F -
MU)Z5ROBG0;3]OWX&QSV$GE_$KPOO








M_P!K#X:VOQ ^'3^=XST

1I!O1]FO




M/+XS 'MNNU_O0-]P'WQQ7I+


MAI$R

M/UE4A:=.-K[?\'U/4I8;VE._8\7DL+KXU? WP_K-YYC^






ME?






6O?E_2.F&%3/

M-\3M#6.X\-:UYS:\)$5MOE1I;VW+!F'[QW^XI]^U?-GQXU?2OBAXFM?%'A73


MY/DVL+AEPB_.GS_\?![5[;X4U+P)^S[X'EO/#%N4\6:P=NEV\TDEQYGE3
DF

F2'V@&(_QYZD5X]\


M/%5
53=2=.R;T7?7].ITK#16B/1=-TN_\/\ P_\ #?A'QI#+'\1?'XN?MKO)
MD-]AE

Z]J/PX\:&.^.FF!

MZC=F0:.RR+ XV //M:/&?DV]6'MGFOI#4/'G@GPGX?L/@UX'MO/\3:EYFZ9G






W%CK

M[K#W[54^+G[9'@IM&1?!]C'KWBS43F^2/=%]AV.FS/F)M.Y-W0_P5Q*WEO\
M\$__ (%SZAJ=]Y'Q+\4^6(8?FD ^S7FUQD[HQ^YN%Z ?CVC%XUY@EB7'E;^%





MZ6+F]\

_ ES:ZRK.2L]
MW;SA@%+#:LG3[K?F*^A_CCH=E^TM\*]#^
/@*\\GQ!IOG







MFWXL\9:5\1/@;+X


:;?:XMOH4UTK2%S_P M


XZ='F=F?
7P?MO!_CSXDW=]K6CW





B\MV4'[1.0P(;:IRL)
MZY_#OZ+^SQ\4OAHW@;4KKPIJT=U;:9Y7]I2-YO DEE6'[R?[+_=_&OE3Q9^U

JXC$8C]S45H




]3
M^/3^)/B?KYW1V26YT%O]7]Y?L]UPK#/S1_Q+_6O1O%%X?B3X!LO&B^6]]I)D
M5X9$4;A+




MMG+--+S$)(%'/RCYF'0&O3?A?-IOBKQ5K/QNU=/+TO3S']AM_575[5_N\_?



M8=*\ZU#Q7XXT?PO;^

U'_ ()]_'F\
MOK_1IM5^&VM%/*O'Y6)XK;;P&W.=T]P%XQ^/;ZLUS]I?X
)&FGWWCG3H]$D4
M@V)LY-Q4@


UUWP_P!2N_AFNO\ Q)^)KQVVH:D+1-*MHXU7

M!7:Z[+B%!\P/7MS6/XK_ &K/#_Q@_:$L])\;)Y/A3321HT?SGS_

B@G
M$D:??)Z\=ZX





MP;0M6\

D^RX*[P5.%D?[^.HQSBO3-

M\4R1K\/M+



R;3]G_<S3YPJL3D2K_$?NU]?&;



#0KB.^V+5B3?)*QW9

M.@KXG\#3V7C#Q%)EX8XT: K\R1'_ %B8.0S]#V]Z]^IQ W?#4J?N]Q?5R7Q=








M0.'CG@\SSR\LQ./+3:



M^&5YX0\;P?8/%VDB
H()&7SS))YYSLSTC6/[Q/WN.]9?[4W[2?AGPYXPT;2O

I

MS65TBXL- \(W%X\@5=;D\^

M-+'JLF/GCDY
!]V



M'4)



MHXO./_$WNECR%Q$DT ^;8P_U




MY5B*U#$J
XZ+5:VWU


M?L0+J:UC?8RVR





?*OQ+E\&0^-KK4?!?AB]U7PYL3?=1WS;'Q$BI\I4-]X5[3^S'\7O_Q^\(
MW'PJUB^CDE!']GQ(C-Y@+373GA5QA$7J1UKE?@OXZD_98^+U_P#CQC''=Z!


Q&HBE23[JKU6./JHKZ/\ VQ/B#\/_  GX


M



0M+^']





MUX?WV6HQZIX_N$_XJ7R_
_=
KWVO50O,2M]STY[5Y5\;OC%X;_9]^-EEXBT
M%RVF3-(VHJ-WBVC2/[X;^.9ONCZ]JX\-5Q.)KPPU':C?_R;5OY['1B\+;]^


MOV/RHHYDSYJC[RB;[K#[G/:N]\*Z+'^S1I@\'^#=$^W_ !)O
EY)@LOE%&9P

EN\UH-WF

MC[3OCDC/ XQ7J%EHGPM_9!^%OAN7Q3HOVC4==%Q^_P#M4C8
%SD\8?'^N'IT
9-WV<V]N\D/WO5MW0?PUYY\+
M?A/\(_&'P_\ %.C:]J6[7-(-FX7?,OEK+*T@&!\IRB=_2O3EB).D\'C8?O$U
MMYNZV_JQYDDZTN<YS0M)\3_%/XS1Z]K?A.75/2F1$ECNHX-O^CF-OX03EU7

*.DO0]J\@^#_[2




9!SZ]JT


M/XB^%X?@+\4-!^)_@'58[_P[J/VIKB-&7)CA$??_Z:3/\ =3Z]J]%_9WUS

MO;6.J_V3\.='


M&.K\0ZQI'[)_[1VH71L(VTGQ846)G3=M^S6F3C=NQ^\F/3;^/;RWXA?LYV_A
M?PGJOBKP1XIC\4Z


WE;T::(9W[1F!6^

M;Z.(K:^5;[5*A02RELH



^'?M+?9YH_
27[0D2\
MJ?E.



MN/A5J?@V3Q_9S^*]06-XYY-/D8J8YWF; X W(-O4=:^M?VLOM_QJ^('@GX16
M;QVOA37'O?[=NW125$



_P!P'JS0^G2N
MZ\*? RR^ /Q4\)^-?AH?^$G\


MY:2/H!TJOIOAK3/BYX)\
Z'H_P 3++P_J.CF[%BTUE)/-
9I2TI
PZ[0#]_^







O8L\3^+MK!\*? 8^&.JW?_  AE



M'IBJZ?#K]E[5/%$VA^)/$/GZU%@-']JOE^8H9.@8+]W;7M/[*_P[U?\ 9U\;
M^(/!%M;I)#




Y[5/#I-G_PDGB?X[7EA
M_P )IXJO%MO^$.TF3[)\J1FPOLD
4?]V5;YP
;/EY-4-%TS3/C!I?B1OA]H
M\F@_$:$0G4M%DNO/\K#




1'OO6W; ^X8^2



M7P]^)DQ\&:];ZMHVL_-K=NEDJ+$8HY%AVAONY9Y?]7Z#/:L_P9X%TCX?:;I/


M^-FD_LR:]XE\-Z'HLDNJZN;9-!ADF\P2^7'YERP!1@NW[0WWL9SQT-=A\5OA
-OA5<V




J5


MCINL^')/%.J3N_\ PDUVFHS6_P!A^=FL_P!V0?OQRK_JO[G/:L?Q=;PW7P_\


A_U8ZUS%_P#LJ_#CX_?#_P 0
M:C\



MT8A'B:\CG:+^S
MYMD0_[PS;?W9'W/FXK170D\+_'#P'XD\
ZE]N\%7ZWQ

5EF2HU+*C\'0=*+CJSL?A_P#$2Y\62:5\
M'CX;_LJZ@68ZDUU/'=.=X^UQ$GG'RD]SU]J3]J;P9!XH\*V&DZSKJ67AW33.



C.D'ENSH%08'S*D
M8.6'WQ7TS\$YKKQ%\-S\/];

M^8^.KKX3_/0-9\ 7/ANYG\+:?Y)O_$(U11^\D6XA 4!I/O-Y?#?7C-=[X5
M75?A;^UIH?AB]M?LG@75OM#:+JL\BOYWE6#23XRQD^69ROSXZ?+Q3S&NE3C9




Z?BIJ)W7A/XR:QJ




M3]H6ZEV3/M\[_0T_UK[N9Y).W:OH3]L#0]7^

?+GPXCT;QY\*HX/%'BR

?V/XB:)EF5M



-)\52;=5U)[
1@)&-PAM9'ZABIXQU



M6HWS:;XU:ZMU7P\)?[1A^RK_ *69U6+DMMCZ'HK9SVP,_+NEZY\&O&'BRT\
M'?\ .7'P^MYB_V2]FU&XNA=XC

7Q;;2(M/\ #NE/C3M+PK;_ #7-K(^0HSB1-W*G
MIQ7EGQ#UB7X3_%/4/&/C'6+?5O$VNB/^PK86C#['Y
 BFXV[6S&R-\RKCMG)

1EI.2/N\9.*Y7_A







Y71





1P0I7_52IT]*UOC5HNH:KI7PE^&WPVU9/

MAQ L;6
741.Z
2J/E.S_ % B_B/3M1@






MS




.IUO;QWGI;TU%25J:.R\-_#G6_





M3

M3[



PDMSGDIA25^5CG'/05Z!\5









M@(-2O1

O&_P 



MC[2_$NE7L=SX



^G_ .



M56]0?[WM7A4^6M.KA:5N6%K?]O)(.:P[]I;3__B[7/#7B]U6.RU/1_M9L!




$9QDL=[SQK



M)W:
AC&Y((^1-&1_!WB;KFLCX
M16NO?#_]I3Q3X.UJ8-H6;7^S[K9@SA;)Y9<E6+':WR_-CIQWK@==@7X0_LL^
M)KS0;O\ TRX$&SY&;E+X^O\ OUX*P]5:7LG=:6WMKZBKXF;5CJ_C);Z.?BQ

MH



?#\$]BTI'E6Z07.T?=_
MU;C[WMCO7


(^U2)/?1_8FD57CX3@[D=.A_@KU+X/?#.Z_9'





UGQ';Z!XRTT7.+_P A6\_S

6BL;'[%M_=&-=X^X_R
ME6'IL/K6EKWPI@\6:WXT\3_$'39/$6BQQV7_  B/ER_9_M68ME]\X?\ @9$^






GP+O?&/@S5%/]L6S6I1IB
MO\

+$6#:AI+W7GX+

CW_Q%\6M$_9Z\7ZE+Y(N
MM%\7&/\ X1SOL^RH@N1G8Q/[V7OC\:WM-\%RV/P8O?#5S?QZ7-?&

M+CSCMQ]1V]*\M\6'3_B!\-_A=XAU2+9)


Z*8V/R*V3+IZNO*L&'S1CUKY^EA%]57([\U[OT:-J
MDN96.#\1^.+[X4^ ;'P_X*UZWGU?$GV]FL?

M_C5KWA?7H((Y9[4W(NA'&J;RRQHO 8?PQ#UZUSGPZ^!O[/\ ^T%I5EH/AKQJ



^#?!OPS\!^'=?\ &^A2:Y-XH:Y&JS)?-;_9?(E

M[MWF+_JP



M^X6[YQQG2^






M:#:J?9VDN)1@X9_G(/)&-OO7F

M6)6D8VJLI##YHIT'R'^'GJ*WO$UQJM@G@KQ5\'[['@*Z6^745SYQM=A$
1
D

MC5]85-I.WX?\-Z%PCR
]KTWXC:/I?C6S_9RN+F.[\6?O


RW65'V

&L^&[E/\+ AOM2M;'=:VSM#DCY_+ZH
M:\_'P#^'/CSP[/XT^'=W+J4NCA&O;=))L6?F2&)


M^#
LZ^%=2\&?%?6[?Q#I#A#I5Q;0?978AI)YL



ME)L)N+/F1E'S8QVZFN=U/]FKPIX7TW1_B-\
%N/'VA:?Y^](;J6(1[\6PR)2
M&;)





M=:G=6?\ =


;PW$G_/(V^H$H?FYY#GIZ5D

M-OO65J2ZU^S#\$5@N(?['UO4#C_2ML[XBO W+ G.(Y?;K7I'[.OP6U']ES]I
MCPSH7]KQZCX2\6_:OLT4D*_
+6RED;!9V/\ K9SZ?X7OBU\.[G]HCX[ZQJ&H
MVY_X1'P[Y*K'H4K]HM8NI# _PMC7UKMPN8*G*6$4;PEJWY[(VK0]TX/2/#

M?&!8S-! Q&IKYFP*
<
MVDQO-<2?:-J,9^ @Q#%+US]ZKOP;\SQ)^Q7K'AC6H_MTMJ83J




WVOG;RC1SS8)QMP
M?








M^A?B]X9LOB--\


M[$@9D81C(CEZ9Z5Z6%HX2SJYO\3^'[O+Y;FB7-J6OC-:GQS\1K[QSX
T&[GT



MC'A22;RRS;?







&K.QZC^S1H_




)V/'8PAYO
@9V
MY9-PQ.?7O7EW@/P/XN^
'@4W'Q







MLO% QX:;:T&I_NO]-;[ 2WW 3\CE5^8@U'\/?#UK^S&/BEXD2ZW2:PNE?95]







Q1]L_AWZ5=4\/\ [3GQ


?9[7&]=JY(#?(HSNYS@

8W
83 .-H'\!KG?V?IO$GQEL_BOX4\


M

]MXXT/
MPCXBTWQ];ZC9P_KQ4TPO;M;;!M#;IY$8.]=_-P<=!^(QB_\)5NOB%KWB#X@
M1Z=;Z= BP_\ /W7EHOF!TDBN5QM!/*Y^;CYJ\5\':E9?&S]ACQ;;ZXOV#25
M%J8[;_GB1J9(/[M1]]HU;C/6JW[17BCQ;HNB_#;PGX1MS9K,^I+#-L1_//%
M+GYN1@[_ +W][CO7SE##3QDU%JSV;]-?R.FH[RN8NI:?XE^'NE^-/B-\0-8L

MRS'HRQG

M6^K1P4ZE2'O/=?U_70B

K'







_-$.N



F+82MB5@)3^_+\$D#M

''7'3CO6KXX\.-\*_#7@[6- U'


P&19H,;VR,AF7YHY[\8Z;QMX1T)OVD_AUXE9
:




C7(


M7YNU/_:

V-CYOA^0S&:: K'G-S%*
[F#G]X3T!J['ID/A[]I;



M.K-/Q'XX\-?'*^TOP#I.AQZGIFMM*;Z6.15^S^2/.CSGYN6C/W?[O-8O[4GP
M[?6K7P[X
DL)=+\'Z9]H


M1?=@



MU:.C5]-NB_#]0?N

MPYK.F_!'X(^
M8L;^.#QWKS631VLB
WF&Z/C=\G$;MU]:Y'5O!7B/XI_#O

++M(%[MI@X1/XCWX[USW@'1-4^
M%'A#4-9UOS$^(D@B\B6]=9HTVLZ-B([D7]RWMG'MQL?3X

F8_DWM++C]WSR=@


M8T?GU^M5E].;MB).U+:^_KZ'+4=VRMIGCS7_ (S?#&.#Q0T*_%&^+-I$=I:+




M$%5_=@?=Z]^U6?C/JEC\#OA'\//A?\

MUZBN3US]E9?''C:#2?$OQELE\9W18+8QZ5+&QVP&1SN5]A_=(7Z5IE-;#PC[






M^4\Y]J\=LOA)HLWB37_B[\2KK^Q-$Q;_ -C3?O


M\1B1;J]NKB.186M[@B
*)%./DE/W/09[5[!\2/BCXV\6?M0+HOABRD7PSHP:

P;K*/3IE

MZ_OM]S*EIP00
+L^[GKSVKY[\

M:Z+=^
__CJXN]/D7[?+*8;69UB@&3* /E0],]*]W 8/0@Y9O.TI:I?UZ
M(OEG+5%GQ]\/=

WY8%Q\WF=,5@^$
M_'GC?]I1?&UU-XKC\'3K]@-JLEC'<_:5R0_*,NWRN_7?[5R?B;]D_Q)X-\(

W
(U^;.


M( \Y^\6^5W=/FQ]WCO791Z'I'AO]J+Q1\3?*\S0@UH$]F%B;?_T*OG*=.&
;
MA@X6I1U2O]ZN^[_([.:V@S]JK3_$

MGX3Z'8^-+[QK'KOPT D#3I:






O _Q2N-*\*V]








M?Q[=Z]Z



QI8
MG4Y)QO6TMZ?\!'14ES*Q/\6K#^T/BMXZ\3?$;2Y=2T?2C8OH%NDBPC][D=W

M[O?M9^.W@&T_:&^








AG?\
M=@0-;QMT!8GEY&^YCISVKCO%WPHT/XW^._%GQ \67LOP]^%NC-9A$NW:87GG
M11VXVB)@R[)D3/KO'I6WK'@;0+7X:R^*_!OCBWN_#2;?LDOD2?)NF6)O]8Q;



M?[[2UR^SRW$T'44;/Y_\

W?:=
M[;YQ\OS#:VS[W][CO75:?H!^$?P\U.\^'OA634=1U%H=LT-VI=1'*.0).F59

M\2/V@[SPKX)N(]*\)::%$EQ)8PRX\RU$JG)VM_K(VZ$_A7E4Z
J].
*:M3G^

=Q(K6T[/!RP.WY7;[O

LOW

M-;NSO/&7@_QK'XOUY








MYZ#^'UQ7V!\4_&?P_P!&_9OT0^$K;[3\/]5:5([H!AY!COH^?G7S3F9FZGMZ


M2L/-!8A1NW%1ZXVGN37LOPG\0:3^TI\



M2LVL1Z7H%T+4Z?-):*^PK.PDYW!OOHWWOP[UY.58?$NNHXJ5TN5]-I*ZVZV8



=Z



M+'Y925H&X;@Y$I_*N+O+'XG_ +2'A6

.\+!O]9$

M2ES+&Y51\GW OZ8YS6SH?P(UOX._%#PW\/OB I\5^'-8%V=+OH$6T&(;?[3)


G^M
MM&=B'E8+R!)QR!VKK/V7]9O/CKX-^)W@G4M12PN]+DTM)&CC4^49)994X11C



%OD'[F1?RKI/



]3\(^#M$U+X@S:KI5



M.$$U2U


=._;9_:4\?7GB+]H


7$;=\=:Z[PUXYUSQE\+T\+_&+X?3WHC!\E



MC+!M




M5*FYZC2EHB:*/9FI*CB;=4E;&=N70**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

MP
=TB0 ;FWINZ5;OHUFVI)_JCG=7SE^V;XVUOP;\.88_#4P@\YP)6^7^&:$C


MRF)5=


M9SF'KC&TXSDUS/B#X+?\



9GM7K$?B/XF:]




M#:+P?E&(W?[WKQ7Y'@*D
/6A'!R]HX?P
MWK[VMY;]M4?35J7+Y\]_!&VM?@GJ?@BS\.W+^)?'NT7[?VBSV^QW$LL3$
M%MHW*3]UE^[SGC'H?[5'Q6TWX%MX\.:U$9VM_[0\TP3LF/

+_
 #N_UO\


MUU-#XMGT_P#X30WG(\E4@\C;\G.93G.T=


-'U?Q]X\T;XC

-Y7S
M[=X+
Q;GYO\ 6$]:^/\ ]H;P/K?A7QAH_@OX%:FFEZA-YPUJUDA%SMQ'#-;G


?TKZI1I4KRK-.]TK;?WOT
M//J2Y=#C/&WPBM?ASX/U'X;:YX9N?&?@B[*#2HH;[[$+;9*LTFX_??=*Z?38


W'Q6^
M*EQX;^)WB&/_ (3/3%4S:+' T.[SH9)(^(OD_P!5'#)7C8MN&'?M'[W7_ANG
M_#G1A_?2/0=%E;3_ (*^ /&VNSBT^'NF?V@;^/9M^R[[DPQ_.F6.92#]T_A5

M.Z3KVEIHE_%LTZ]DWFP9.)1&5*C=_#\RJ_O7P'XO\._$&^^

M+RS 23J=G:_9_P#!/3H1YHIG;ZY)'\'?%WPP\6^)(6\N(:FNH:BS_NM/78(X


M]\K_ -^*^W_'W@NR^)GANYT+6=-D;2[YE



MX=7_ (D\.^
/A+X^4:MHVI&S6W/^J)



@






K$?C:V^'GQZU+Q'J
2Z1XG




MXQC\


MYX@\9?SNXM


M+6_A\R
1^;)$K[E7ALK\OS?WC[U\
V:_M07WP52STK4K:^\+ 

M!P?
9@W#KM_X#7IX;$/&X9U6UKIK^GW?#W

7'E;/3/V@+J^^%?[

MBVU'XER


MX6


M?@&'0M


M.Y?RKT


D'
M[OISVK
^#G[.=SHG@[3=1U)I;GX@KYRZI/([$1XFD\K #%1F(C[GISVKP:;P
M'K'AKXUR?#KX)^-$2YE=?[762U:?RG6 SP#]YP



M#T7Q#\

M .$T\%P^3XWU$A;3Y6^6MO!)E'^5OW4C]:\4^)'A_]J19+'PWJWB.WFMM9


GF*NT F3//)^9FKY










M^%YY:0=/2N


MHQ;Z2)#=PQV4

IO2*;^6AY5:'(R]^SSXLO?



L5^=^;\T=-2DXR]IT/


$M<^/_C+P+J?B

M

M_C329I-4EUA&%[JDCR;7\F66%






ZCRC














MJEWNV?)
NS#N/X6(^[L_*OKZ-*G32QM;;6UM;W/)E+EE8ZSQ1X/U+6O$5[JT





VI\6W5W?1W:W009L-D?_++






MI+5:]MSPZTO?

(]#(8RZ=]_S\OD'?G*X.7]\U\5?%/P7K'A'X_\ ]A?CQG9



-_K
= *\YNO 7QZ\6^-=



_R[R)%

J/E=D8/BWP'#\

_L)8+

C4S$ZV_GK*2(\KR5

@N&-C#)Y(@+)'_K.1F2-NGISV
MKH_V95'Q\CN_$7Q/UJ.\;2EC!ACM6M]OFF2



;S59/#IOSX28:HJQ








M;F/5_#_AO)CN$@ABV?:86+\*03EP/RJ_^T1\+]
^'/PM37_^$VC\-^*Y!CRY
M()I?.Q)'$W 8K\L;-U_O5[/L
/A^=.5I_EU1Y\*].4[+8['4/%5FMUX.\;^(

Y(^&R



M3_:
\56VJP^'/$VFZKHVB-;6/\ LFW5I3,6:0?O#\I5VRW7%:Y5*KBH2J4


MXCUKQY'X+\77YF2&&2T:X^6
0IG;&Q7Y8\-SZ5[6)IX7!2]E6E:KI?2UM%96




MB30([_5#]BUFS4PU3?(!AWC23(7@Y7_-_?X[U\0:9XQ_:@U+XIX@MM?LC
MX?8KY5_%I-N9#_I6S[Y(88?]_NUZ%/%U
9AE)R^)]?1+3OZ&6(AR'K?Q5N]
M2^'_ 
)W\.+J


LK;
%N%^5:\Z_9^_9[N8X]8UKQ2TNI^(;!(6TVX=V02[
MEDBDPH8IP@3KZU7^*OAV\\

OA_Q-XD^S


M/B*?XAZKK


G
M_$RBTJS1EVRJ_+9#??.RO8P-2G5PWLXV^?Z=_P##U[G/BH^SF=%^T!IFL6/P

?EW$=W;@AB%&Z/)^4_4'BO6+&Y:;4M/^-\^GW&





=VUG P#T^^:\C
\50I4E&]WK^-CUL/2




$2





#OB!K$?A/PO.DC17T=E#\VV);@@F!@WWECZ^OUKZC

M$C?K71:_\.]%\
V

EJ;1X_+P



OYUX)87'QHT_XG:[X6^&FIQIIOAQK87D


'@+Q?X-\5ZH/M7C!
M;0:-'LVG%H\LDY&WK@HIY]*[KQEI&D7'CDZAXT^#6HZKKVEDBWN?[?V)*)(Q

8


[_Q6V^X[JE.VA\96OA;




O+4?)9R6D:_?
MB:

M7P3X?DNFTR

.N9W/6/



MML\OR! UQ$ORMR


M6=EXB_:8\#Z981R&3PB+Y=5\Q]VY;FSS#_$/[K=C7C^BB;QY\*]=^&FA/%I?
MBO1GM\&2'S3

/-\


7=PE]\BM% 41O

?0UY7X#\(?#J.&/PGX*\
W.FZAK

%]HW@KQ+'K^O:QY8U+1
M(X!_HQAM=]N#YOR?
K/]S^[SVJ#4OC!\4T^(C^'_ (I:7%X3_M5D.GW3P6_*

M*U@EM+!$L@VH1S\3 V^X @_



M=C3Q'-O9?


MX#\





M;-7TZQDBT*(Z+@//N^U



O(

M;Z2

9&S(#TZ8]Z^.?&GC'QO^S[\2




M[S$_=-?31I2P\75QY95.E[VM?\ .YY=:7+4:*'Q$\_#?P7\.](L/B-HFH7

MYGWNRMQTQ7G7QWT*T\/^%8=*U_0Y-8\(Z@TAM[^&=K9TV.).&'SG
SQ]?3WK


M/P_X4(G2_A9+5O\ EB98O]40W$D*?G76?$[P&F@^$Y_&VA^*8SJE@X.EP1P/
M\WFR+#



M6))]HN/+M\2XC_APK_\ CU?-_P 4-!.H^%=-\*?$SP_+=:QH1E-M?6MVMH)E
MG='E#&/[WR;
;NF3CJ:^Y_BQ\*]*^



OA_6[2XNO%T.

4^[(U?0U
!6P]5O#2M5=KKR27+^
M!R2FU*S.@UYOA%X@^(MQXZU7P_J%IXVAVK864^HS
+AC%Y

MT'Q-JT7A/X Z)9^*4&@ZMJ9F#6\Z






M&G!%?1/[
OP3A\!6_P#PEFL/_;/B?6 #!%\T?EM%YL3MDL4.48'H.M?/8^I+


)FDJN$BJL^M_T/;HT^;4\;TFSM-<^#]F/#FH
M1:KXR\)C:;-&!C%S.< AOE;
0;KTQ[UY=X7U[0_#7Q*NO&5OX:N8O%.J(IG

M./8RVK6Q6'J\L;IZ?%;;4Y



6UHXFE;)D]1(W3T^E95ZDI8%$+27-=^K3



M^&8O =W?-)]LNW2WF

MX8ZWX7U.'5+#P6FJC5--2VC+R?;9V2$;WX7#;FX_NUROPOT/P]I?@^_\.?#+


#?V1)




M#\

MXK&VZE\N1?+-L 4^[\W



M









G\*C_EHE?2_P!FSS*%/$Q?NPU_0\ZI


MT6
R&\O;6UM;/:CNT2!Q(ISELJ-O_/(YZBBJJN
FY86?N1LE?R5OO9RQ=Z
7


M9&Z
7_UGE]?2OE



'KQCFO

M[_:9:+Q=XN\56VL6:AO[(\/P6HMCI[?/'-ND10)?

'P=TSX












MLP A


#?B#^T9X/DU_P($WV6\M22EJ(XU$FZ1UZHP!PL$?YU
M]%3P-7!QYYO1M/[F[?F<<I<NAU?AV2^OO/PR\667ABXU[Q1X
_M1KKRKA4C



)M)U9P;W1_)C)NC%;[8\2.Q\O9YCOQ


&W7[&@0$CY3G




MVGA:V'Q='%8W2]_P1X]^61Z7=:?=Z?\ %;PC\;O[!DU**]^W#4ID=5^P;(#:



M^@M_8
ELS&/$L
. QW ?
[MVZ=ZY:



-)M?$.K-]EU._P!QU6U^8;61FCC.U&(&



M%%_9*R6OF

M'[7'Q-\&W5I;S^%O^$0\0)O+7$_V6X%VIXVA4PFR.0C@\[AZ5ZW9_LQZS,L
MFC:OKEN_B&]V^5_HC+C:WF=F(^Z4[OK?JL(5?;YEI&2]W[DGM\MSS:U12K-


K))]I<++'^\39(RD[NNX8Z&O2?V9=.\!0:YXB7PQIES!X3TLQ/#=3WD
MDR3O(LH8JDGS'#;@?H*\<L_'WQ6UW3Y=/\7?Z\\7ZG:@!+RUU*UM1;L[
[%
M@/O[ACKTVGUKK_A?XYU_]M2ZNH)+)_!7A71]HNH7

-$T*?Q9=Q_$O2I]1\,ZD8RGBBVG^RI'Y21,
MV(4^?F3RX^?3/1FKZL\5?/P_P./A'J/P\AL6'A:01,DZSL'G87W+$%?G&
M)%'US7RAXV^)'BW]GOXE:-\/O!6E_P#8^'K,S;0]D:3C
2SK^_F4G_ %CL
MW_ *X


TOPQ_:!L]Z3




M1U$7FB0#6C9V_D



JSLV
[_G
M8
/<
_-*7Y'_7-Z\X

+_  [?
M6GQ%\4?&XU6VVN-



=0_:V\:_V]=7NI^$_^$WLM!5#

?VB/V:;OPU8VTD/C

BL)
M!*#(FW.&A[Y^]76^
/!WBWX':X/&7PUT_P#M[4KH*)HX?+&]E58^?
8J/EDD


M[U=5P
8_&OI/X:?!_6OBI;^'_&OCGQE'KVBK]H2#2X;'[.D8)D@8Y1CNR41N
M0





MMFS_ -EV*)&?(4QR12;G3:S_ +R%/7&#TS4=]:_$;X/:*+/P!J-KX@T*0C?;

MZEXCD\1^*-7-NVF6=K=7-M]B
4:1W&['[M]Z#//3:?6OI/Q;IYU;Q!I^G@?9




U;5<%6=)0?\57<OG;MY6..K_$,7PW\-OAAI]]J5S_PE?_4
M^

&:W^-UE%;W

MN.I_C_=C\

A'2NLU:&U\/_ !OL
M/BS=W7]GZ7K9E^TW'_/

MS4NK6.!4
6]F@&65]C;HU4\#^=9W@_Q)\5OAG)J'@+Q+X#N/$.DZB86MFM[B
MUAV; +B7).XG+
GITJ)K&K#*G3C[ZYNW6W?Y'GTY3;NC3^!?PK^&'PS^.'A



B'YI=[L0
]-I]:\K^$6C^&_A_P;KPMX4OA
MXXO/%KCS+=2T*VYM9&E&#)TR)';Y?Q[5W_QLTV?]CG0=1\3^$M5COO U^46Y







M




(-O0?ZRN=M_C5X_P!7M[Z^\=_R\^(NDZ88XTUUOH; 1^:2&+

;?P



&U^S91'Y+*2=S2)_WQ7FZ?



U<]\/;'Q)^U/I9UNVNH_#GAC3%S8Z6\$;F4R
M
R2YD3;N^:+/.?O^_/OW[0WP_L?'OP_U&W_M5-#N+':&NT@;Y2\L38^4@_-M



MOP[UU_CCPE\-?B]XPT_Q=XB\;R:9+IYE)T]()OF5T\@C=%\OW8Q^=0_$O1?%





M;FY
4:K$078[=K


; I7




/F5&C4^I_;7YWO;T/7J
MP]P^8_ =G\-_/QYL/B'?:F/^M6 D-[I$\DUP9C):O;Q;7'[OY00_/]\5H^
M-3=_7]D74?]YX5N9+[4#'_ 
O6P8CU#SA@]!@
!QZ5PDO[;M[XL\$VL^M?

!'Y?'R($KH?AEK7C[]JR%/%WBG5[71O#UD&9;:


M9-OW
CK_ 



M#I[



M?LQ

M




XQ5NOD(352/










M^Y+




\3Q+IMMY_V98[58


MX8T+]F+^P6N/*=V(:]V2-G_368'T^YFOTBGF4?8JK4?
G)65OA/%K4.:[/'/

_A9XAV6J!1.IM%;S-SQPQC
?5MU?,9EFDL1
M2]G*7,[[FVH\C3+]\L=@TES.^XJ
1CTX*G^8KY1_;:\$ZMX?T]_&OA%MNN

%^Z[]?6OJZWN%N=0AEWVLVP]

M\^6WS'DLC#@


/W=K


M#73+7X


MU



M@:/?\\:

M*4;Y7/454^&
&H?MC?$2UM/B1:_P!ERV^\QD2*OF!D9CQ%MSA;









_

MK*P484/^=:97B_J\O9J5AXJE='R)\0(X_P!DGXE:9X:\#2RZWK\I=I=L\G7R
M$=

M*NJ_93^'.M7GQ7^(.I^+(?MVO6;6!B^Z

M/Q9\6OB1XHTGXB7/VB?PD+7['^[C7FZBD



M_P!G6X^+'@FU^(LE]Y7B^V+ IY;+G

MW:]H8MD\SY1S
9R.%8XX*5RW[


9







MPIT7XC:N



N7WPRT2']D^_




MX




_ZZ/T-<[\4
M/AUXC_9LM-


/V%'*IH#_ -_:

F^6+Z&F$I\LK'LOP[\!:
M?\.?#L&C:6<Q0[M^9W)=V/7D?





MIKQ=BML\NT0I_K&'5?-^[^/:O5/A7^S;'X3\3-XM\7:I_:&NW)6
+\T?E$(T
M70

M.GR@=5YZ=?QIT;66HW231G

Z




=L
MUO? [PKXJ^.7BS5??QUF_M,Z/Y+P_)';[O.1YV_U7/WH[?[WX=ZZ.\T7QM9
M?M7:\_A!_LMEMN=3?R]WD_\2XB#[S#JQ?IZ5](_'X%P?;6M?U=K_^U;C5



M.1%#L;]W\Q+?.?O9/Y8]Z7QQX/LO'&CW&G7 SD#'_?0;_P!EK6TJTLM-DNX[





M1^([CP=K_FZ5KQMQ

M7?[
7?IY6))]O&X@9!'Y5]_3S:-2E.
US0TLNVN_WGRCP[]HSS3PC^S?XJLO
MA+HWQ/T/6_L_BE/.6YM/LJMYH\XVT?+
5&(AZ#K7HO[(_@/4_C9JI^('C&;&
9N&96



M\+^=J5P8]S_


M^
-!^%^A_$KPQKG]C^(H'N/M]IY#/]I$DY@B^\^Q=L3MV_BKVC]D/P;8_%:Q
*/B1I.N1:QXE\K1T$!%GL9
MO-'SL!D,,89$_.OM?X<^!--\ Z#'H^GQ[K==P?YV;'[QVSAF./F9Z^?QV92K
M4W2E+F??R[&^I<C3-V!&U%[H-Y@DP47;MQE0#]:\'_ &L?#=GJWPMU#Q9:
M6TL6N6)C\DH^ V^XAB;(Z'J:]ZN+1(YHG\__59\M?KC/\A6'XFTVU\1:3?Z







MCW[5[E^RC\
F67SVT&]F'S

*6_.OI*&^7S/[0A/G6MSRW

M&:'R/+P#(C#D
6/[PGI7LOQ2\%V*?LRPIH
OV?2X0 \GE[MQ-XGKS]X/U]:^




[\'.5[=JX[2]2\


MUW[;HZ61?(6/M$W4
2?G;O7J'[;/@O^RO!WAK_ (1/%E=YN4601[MY
D&[

M)\:
XG0Q[MIM DB\LQ(R[MTKZZ^?PV\/?OP_#I]L?L^H39:5M['=^\=DX/




M^E+X!?RGUCS_ +0WD1RX6*$C[W3_6MT-?;EYI;W'GQN?-CN2H/^QC)KQ_\
M:^$-U\5CI=UH6HBUO\ 35E_@W?ZPQJ/XA_SS-1EV)EA*FDK)G9B(?NSY1^

M/-/B^(L?V473/]GAV*NXI&P9LQ






!,Q0?)._3_M;X3_L]ZY^U)X!N]7UC49-%\7PI&H9XU


SP+N!G@\Y


M
ODDNT9Z/Y9S&H[=J]*_8R^&TFC^*_%MWXUM?
\5^&FM0LWR\&Y28=%8K]TI


K?6




?FY&YW3@\#A^U=

M$@\CS-Q
T8 SN./O&O5R[$RI:*=CS*U/F=SYZ/QJ^)Z2:KHO@^'S?#7ATP-K
MLW[E\BXP]OU4


M !0^';6GB:^_LK00

Q4X-+^;73?0YZ5&S/3
M?V0OA;:ZIX8/Q*U9





M


MU\







MAAGM=DZ!E(^;V[_TIUM#%#=-)'G]ZHR23SCIU^M((A]M9CZ5\5*;E4YKGNRC



M^QEW;K(L?NL5^[Y?2ON


M
/(\@W9^96+_ 'P*[OX^^'[SP[^T-X%@\%OLU:\-Z]RNS=MV6D07[[#^%I.E



M?^ L'_I6K#





M*S)TW'^$)^5?H-'&1G2E4KZTX]/
^?K4.;4\X^'O[*NN^)_#UG\0X-6V^
(?
M^/BU\C[Y

M\





M$Y2=Y?IT1ZU&GRV1T#L-22VU*%

MVNI:(!Y$3\[!+-#_'3[HKZ!NTBCD2[DD\LPY5??=C_L7QQX2MO&?A.^T;4






MNSS'5/@?\2OV0?#







M;.VTX;KRR
A5?+5OOF


7DMR#\_)^:22O
MNXY@JBIJKO[UON/FOJ_O'F'QD^)/P!UZ;X5ZA



S6]NURDLGWX^4_'&?YO
MBL;5E-VEOU/:PE+ELRXLX;M1#-%YL4@*_0=3_*OS[^



?Q_6;IZU]W'&62;_B\KM]Y\G'
M#2]IS+8\UU+Q-XWU3XC:C^S#XGBWZ)JWE_9+X(B_ZJ)-0E_B\P_-C^(?C7WO


/RGBXFZ?A_\ KKX7&8A5F[==_4^D

M? _A&+P=X




ML='U$?;M2?S/) M84W_+O?D_+TF%8GPS^#NH?M
^$=5\?B&2+XD0M#MBCG;:
M&


Y?C!\/-1\



M#G1KB8:DMIEO




M



MO?LQ?!FS^(GPIU'XA^)&^T7OBDQ>



V=CJ
M_9A_=[U\
^
?#_QD^%OPYOO#^B-NTF+RO+/V6%L[I@XY+Y'
BU[N45'*
8Q^

M 

M+UK6IHMVOZNULLTG38(M1




.E=8T
2QB#^(U^=5I+$8AUI=;'TD5RTDCY-_; T.Z^%]OJ/



*HTE
M%4U=._?R.&E1?M#T[]D'X(Z9X!T_6/%4#;;_ 





_;E@D?7QQU3Q!^RAXB$GAU





.!)\W.^1I#]YF/WG;O
M75ZE;6\T8T^7K



MB[X0^(O@^+[1-;F]^T1;(VSOMEA3[_3HW2O!O#&E^/?CQ^T1%9_$:W\K0;$-

M]G+I.!:P_P![S(RK?=*#K;I]X'KV[[OAOQ#XU^*_C#4/@-XWL_)L6:(?:?\
YK9\7:%%XH\/
MSZ=<=+DIM_[[4G^0K3N;E?M=O:Q=)=S-^?\ ^NI9(X9;N,#_ %EMQ_WUS_[+
M7Q$7%SYT?32CS1:/SIO?$WQ!M?B-9_![P UM+










MN\&MHMZQ\RW((4.RYWR1ENC 'Y8SU!KTO3=-LH+6'3NK0 KCZG=_2B2:TLYY

MTEC:R^9O$C-@C:PPT!ZYZ]N_/-^UYXB^%&@7V@26







MZ'KT*?+9':31+-&\;IMWX!/KR37S!^USX)N-'LX/B-H\$=Q=Z:&&V2-6YF:.

MCD^G\-?)Y?B&\1[-['94CH?#$?A7XO\ [4NB:/XJOYK;0-(N_.('V6W9K@!A



M\']['.1_O3OVXSPS??$?]JO]G2T&L:))8I?E@+IY(V%QY=R2Q 7D8,'?UKZ
M[\$^1H?P]L_#=R^Z10^?;
K2?UKY;

M8^

_4NS^-'P?E^%?P%TO4K&TSXGTT2./^!W4:CV^XYK[[#UHQC3KUK<
MSOR?)=3X]X?]\SA(;WQQ^QG)+I


&/]48FEC]2.?;'2O/%\
^-_VB?OA&7Q%;
M



M3X/U3P+;_;-?C-YC[OS

3#^^$Z




M^*/'WB3Q9?W7P!UK09+
ZH1]EU*22'_2_**7K?(!E=FQ1]\9SWQQ]N? ?X7)




TWC[P-IGVW2V*_:$S'



MN_@EX









M]G?X
V?Q^M=3^(7BZRVZCJ0CROM$TD(^YQ]R&+K2? 7QIX]\5:QXI\#6UANT



(M(BUK3Y+21N+A<[?[VW!'_ (]M
MKXDU\^



?['


 CC4



]?H5\:O-WX^^'NK:#;#=)<^25'^Y
C_P#LE?$?C[QI\2_@



C3:;

M


M

=MNWF[)(VC


B+P_(P)JZC7O ?C3XT:3X5T
M_7+81V3&Z4M\O\+[^W_7(5Z=7$4:5+GI6]F][]_ZV/-H4&J[9Z!^R/\ L^M\


TW^E//'()V

EO7SCT]*]*C^%_BWQ_X

WEM+O02BI/Y@D
W[OD?*
M!A;=^QZ]N_90^)/%7Q[TO4?A;XSTV*SUAO*4W

M/B/X%_M!:)H?AC0OL6BZPMRT$G[O]Z8;5&/52W#2-]XCK7J_PI^#?B#_ (6Y





MKM_!WCSQ%\/?CQXL\&:1HOV30+1;4J_[G]X&MFD/7GAF;\Z]S_9W^$=SX U?

M?Z5Y;^T9\'4^

M:+HQ'[C#G\J^ PN*E#$*O3^R?25:/-&Y^4FDZUXR^/UY;_!OPY''I
&CAWOY
MY((9/
\X?:8N2H(PR-_%WKM?V=_CIX+^MQJ?PYU^&*ZNK1HU6Y0,=WFW*]


M3Q5#$0M5E:EI]Y\OBJ4H-M&3I?C#5X?B];^)M!\&WSZ3
2R74EU&R
%MV0G'


OP
MXN;_ 
 ^$M#C\9/HJQI=W4:6T/V3SO-FA)\SYFW;QT/&SGJ*^POV3?A'?_!W


#_VE/''A30?AGJD?A]]!
M-V8YI@UR]QYT1;!9D5AA(I.I/WO:H/V?_UG\1? ^E:SX!T636;K3A/]KMUG
MQS)+*(LEV&.5?H#5?XO:=H'QC\!67Q


MKWKKIXJ=&'LD9NC6K,SP[IZ1IL=K&FV-

MRE34=A&CZ4@CX-/I

M:_!7[&G:#XHFU&?4[BZM/EV6UQ),PXC*'&78#MT _&OKZ6'SL>U-6/R,^]=
M&'Q,XTN1$.E%ZL@TG3X--M5M;:/RH8\[4YXR2>_UJ[MVTU&W9IU
M@A@1]T?E7DWP+



MW0

+<N4;P/GOXV?LRM\4K

WW=W3+'

BW-*Y;IQBK:4QCT%2K]TU
MP1I\NK.I1Y78;)M[_A51=QEPW0]*EN&\LK)_=S3&FDFMW:'_ %AZ53IKFYUN
M:2AS1/F7XG?LDQ^)=4OM0L[NXMY+@1[E@+8?9&B#=AA_=_4U[-\*?A[#X!\*
A^]6TL?*LN21E&CR

MH:^A_ /@V'PAX;&GQL[E-P+




:


Q #;-Q
MYD3H=PQTKOV;$B_C57S/^)A773J2HOF1FZ?
[GRG\

MX/Q_$W3H86=T:

%*%OXF3T8?W:].N/X13(U\H$^M:TN:C%)&52G&2NSYM^$

=&9/[U6ZP<K2Y3K<=2-X]TB9]


MS\D?HP]*^FF7=@^E-_UG'I750Q4L*[Q(=*+W/)_@+\&8OA+9:HBRR2SWPA\S


MKZUD;;BFF0[3MZU5/$RPOO+J0Z47JSA_A3\




'J#WZ5
M];R2*N-W!/2H-TV3MZ'I793J2C&R


3


&3''G#'=SEBW?ZUK1)UHC;=

'Q9H
'B'0[BQN#&
M$DQ\S]L

MRCUHSN6NVCF#I7HHYX4HN6I7TVQMK.U6VMD\J*


M@

/[HKG/@W
M^SK#\.[YKJYGDN9LJ?

?8VT!4





&0L.XI[+M



7+/\ WJE\NH8;A'FEB7K'C/XY_P *FK&S6K-4N56(

MSY=\;?L@IJWBJ[U.UOKF);K9YB0=#L1%&[YA[_K7OW@#P;#X-\-_8(F#
NX


[
I7;T
M[TFV.0?[0J:=3ED9NGS:GR?K7[&OVCQ+)?6M_);V\O!@CW?+B/9V?WKZ1\#^

MN2///U8M_6KP;!(]:&M_
(;TK66

MD%XNZ%CZ5QOC[P#;_$CPZ=+N3&JD@[GW9&)$;C##^[_*NV;=YJ$=!G-5&E\^

-^3LVXSM_VAZ5[9
T:[3)^%1;K:X_X!732


_7']:M5G4K.NW)]3.






?V*/K_ *_[








M;CJSLC'E5B.2/S-I]*'B\V






/F+=*]^^GPQE


@Q'QL_7/]*M5YGLVY79:7

M@\SJR;L?

MI:HZ*GQ%:\D6-HW?H



M[A^-16JUIS?8S]GRRN+$5::7;UXS^M2
N:AM+?RVEE_YZ8_3/^-22+NQ67)'



M83ASNQ\W?!GX2^.M:\9:CXF^(LVZY?9]EB\B.+R_W
D#?ZMBIROE?E7TS)#N
MNHSZ9/\ *JUG\R7%Q'-YMO




M




FS:@Y4^N:F?I7%\4KLZ8T[:#9.HIS+N3%02.1



P^/[;[-:V:W#
VR%-WF*/\ GFQZ

MG ]:J16\]\QCNH]B)AD/KZ_TKHAC.1)=CSE2O


M'DX'E_KG^E6EKCC+G7



@AEYMXT6#'F





MOBGX=_$CX?ZEJ





8CGVK2$JE.?-$FI3YHW/A8V/Q=DM1X ;3]

PVWRA]P]VD:3Z?\M*[#_IK]FY_



1,RE;.'9&NW]W)%)_JV*_PQU]1;5DND*]$)_7!_K4C2!<
M,IRDG2@.WS*_P%*K5<]6.%+DB33?(Z_W<4+#M)/K1;R)+ETYW=:EKAC'W



MUPO2J]O9O:W%PV_=$^-B_P!WKG^E6?X:RQ$W7;D:TZ2@A-NZE5=N::S;=M.+

MVV^T6=\MH0VR%MFR
_\ /1_[TTG3TY[5]_7BQHT=Q-)LCC!!'KG'^%

M@CVQ-SGUKU


?F$].*IR-
IRMKFO2AF^-P2C3H

M 4444 %%%% #6H6G44 %)2T4 %%%% !24M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4E
M+10 E+110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)2T4 )12T4 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !24M% !24M% !1110 4444 %-9=U.HH :J[:=110 4444 %)2T4 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %)2T4 %%%% !1110 4E+10 4E+10 4E+10 4E+10 4444 )2
MT44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 44M% 44M% 44M% !1110 4444 %%%% 
M4M%% !1110 4E+10 4444 %%%% !1110 E+110 4444 -:A:=10 E+110 44
M44 -9=UKMIU% !1110 4444 %%%% 44M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 )2T44 %%%% !1110 4UJ=10 U:=110 UEW4*NVG44 )2T44 %%%% #67=
M0J[:=10 4444 %)2T4 -9=U)MVT^B@!JTM+10 4444 %%%% 44M% 44M%
M!24M% 44M% !24M% #67=0J[:=10 4E+10 4444 )2,NZG44 -5=M.HHH *
M*** FLNZG44 -5=M.HHH **** &LNZA5VTZB@ I*6B@!*6BB@!K+NH5=M.H
MH **** &M0M.HH :R[J3;MI]% #5IU%% !1110 UEW4*NVG44 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !24M% 44M% !1110 UJ%IU% !1110 4444 %-9=U.HH :J[:
M=110 4E+10 UEW4GET^B@!JKMH9=U.HH :J[:6EHH :R[J%7;3J* BBB@ H
MHHH 2EHHH 2EHHH 2BEHH 3%-2
(2?6GT4 )2T44 %%%% 4C+NIU% #57;3
MJ** BBB@!K4E/HH :M+2T4 %)2T4 %
DCWD'TI]% BEHH 2EHHH 2D9=U
M.HH :J[:6EHH **** BBB@ HHHH :R[J%7;3J* $I:** BBB@ HHHH :R[
MJ%7;3J* BBB@!*1J=10 U:&7=3J* &JNVG444 %%%% 4M%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4E+10 E+110 4444 %%%% !24M% !1110 UEW4*NVG44 %-:
MG44 -6EI:* &LNZA5VTZB@!**6B@ HHHH 2BEHH **** BBB@!*6BB@!**6
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** *]TN[;^-5]@HHH L6J[=WX5
M8HHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@!K4E%% K3J** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

 'defref_lanc_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_LandBuildingsAndImprovements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValueOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonrecurringExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_WeightedAverageCommonSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostCreditArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBenefitPlanImprovementTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_DeferredIncomeTaxesAndOtherNoncashChanges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_PensionPlanActivity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsAndOtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_PaymentOfSpecialDividendsCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensationExcessTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensationExcessTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_TaxCutsAndJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MergersAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LegalMattersAndContingenciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansOtherThanShareBasedCompensationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_AccruedDistributionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReservePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionSalesOfGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostPolicyExpensedAdvertisingCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ScheduleOfConstructionInProgressInAccountsPayableTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ScheduleOfAdvertisingExpenseAsPercentageOfNetSalesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRentExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ScheduleOfCashPaymentsForIncomeTaxesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_NetTaxRelatedInterestAndPenaltiesRecognizedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ScheduleOfAccruedTaxContingencyInterestAndPenaltiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenueByMajorCustomersByReportingSegmentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SchedulesOfConcentrationOfRiskByRiskFactorTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockAppreciationRightsSARSMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationGrantDetailsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationFairValueOfAwardsVestedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockAppreciationRightsAwardActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockPlansByExercisePriceRangeTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=lanc_EmployeeRestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationGrantDetailsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=lanc_DirectorRestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationGrantDetailsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationFairValueOfAwardsVestedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_PresentValueOfBenefitObligationDiscountRateTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPensionTargetAndActualAssetAllocationsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfChangesInFairValueOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetFundedStatusTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedAndProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfFairValueOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossToBeRecognizedOverNextFiscalYearTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanDisclosuresTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualExcludingShareBasedPaymentsAndPostretirementBenefitsByTitleOfIndividualAndByTypeOfDeferredCompensationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ScheduleOfDeferredCompensationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansPensionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMultiemployerPlansTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansPostretirementBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMultiemployerPlansTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_SummaryOfAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramNumberOfSharesAuthorizedToBeRepurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingNumberOfSharesAuthorizedToBeRepurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_TaxCutsAndJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PreferredClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_SummaryOfAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PreferredClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_SummaryOfAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=lanc_ClassCNonvotingPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_SummaryOfAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_SummaryOfAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseAsPercentageOfNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_SummaryOfAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_SummaryOfAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_SummaryOfAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_SummaryOfAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ComputerEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_SummaryOfAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ComputerEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_SummaryOfAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_AdvertisingExpenseAsPercentageOfNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedAndUndistributedEarningsLossDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToNonvestedSharesWithForfeitableDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_TaxCutsAndJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPostretirementLifeInsuranceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=lanc_AngelicMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredPurchasePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=lanc_AngelicMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredPurchasePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredLiabilitiesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsPrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=lanc_AngelicMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=lanc_AngelicMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=lanc_AngelicMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=lanc_AngelicMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=lanc_AngelicMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityGainLossIncludedInEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_MinimumInterestCoverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_MaximumLeverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_LeaseExpirationDateRangeHighEnd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseMinimumRentals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseContingentRentals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseShortTermCancelableLeases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_WorkforceSubjectToCollectiveBargainingArrangementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_WorkforceSubjectToCollectiveBargainingArrangementsExpiringWithinOneYearMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lanc_RetailMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lanc_FoodserviceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeSecretsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_AccruedDistributionCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_AccruedMarketingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WorkersCompensationLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationCashbasedArrangementsLiabilityClassifiedNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilityForUncertainTaxPositionsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPostretirementLifeInsuranceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAdjustmentOfDeferredTaxAssetLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxEffectsAllocatedDirectlyToEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsTaxLiabilitiesAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilityForUncertainTaxPositionsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilityForUncertainTaxPositionsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_QualifiedManufacturingActivitiesDeductionPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_IncomeTaxAuthorityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_IncomeTaxAuthorityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_IncomeTaxAuthorityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_IncomeTaxAuthorityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsEmployeeStockOwnershipPlanDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsReturnsAndAllowances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lanc_RetailMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lanc_FoodserviceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=lanc_FrozenBreadsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=lanc_RefrigeratedDressingsDipsAndOtherMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=lanc_ShelfStableDressingsAndCroutonsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=lanc_DressingsAndSaucesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=lanc_FrozenBreadsAndOtherMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lanc_RetailMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lanc_FoodserviceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lanc_NonallocatedIndirectCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lanc_RetailAndFoodserviceCombinedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_CorporateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lanc_RetailMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lanc_RetailMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lanc_RetailMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lanc_FoodserviceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lanc_FoodserviceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lanc_FoodserviceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis=lanc_WalMartStoresIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis=lanc_MclaneCompanyIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockAppreciationRightsSARSMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=lanc_EmployeeRestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=lanc_DirectorRestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lanc_TwoThousandAndFivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lanc_TwoThousandAndFivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lanc_TwoThousandAndFifteenPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lanc_TwoThousandAndFifteenPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsGranted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockAppreciationRightsSARSMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsGranted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsForfeituresAndExpirations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableAndVestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsVestedAndExpectedToVestNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueVested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableAndVestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockAppreciationRightsSARSMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableAndVestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockAppreciationRightsSARSMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableAndVestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockAppreciationRightsSARSMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableAndVestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockAppreciationRightsSARSMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableAndVestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockAppreciationRightsSARSMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableAndVestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_MinimumNumberOfYearsInInvestmentHorizon'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureEmployerContributionsNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlansWithBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlansWithBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfGainLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=lanc_UnionSponsoredPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognizedInitialFunding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=lanc_ClevelandBakersAndTeamstersPensionFundMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_MultiemployerPlansWithdrawalPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansPeriodContributionsSignificanceOfContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=lanc_CompanySponsoredPlansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansPensionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatusDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundingImprovementPlanAndRehabilitationPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansSurcharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansPensionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatusDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundingImprovementPlanAndRehabilitationPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansSurcharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansPostretirementBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationCashbasedArrangementsLiabilityClassifiedNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationQuarterlyChargesAndCreditsAmountAffectingComparability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_QuarterlyFinancialInformationQuarterlyChargesAndCreditsPerShareAmountAffectingComparability'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+


/

M
;K^\KL(6Z?-SERQ\5E0-/#G+L0W4$L#!!0    ( %*&&TV97)PC$ 8  )PG

MM!-S:7;;M)F$[4X?A1%8C6QY9)&$?[]'-A#+E@WMDDVZFSP$+.G[SD5'Y^@X






H%N
!M8('_.;Z?D3EJ(

3UTUSG\+ GQ^R-;88<G;CL3


MP+

E1M'V5;S<HY=8%0&7&-\T

2S90+!D&&ER0F$JDY?DU($_XKI=K^G-- \)0O)/I*

%.70[@:0KX#
M;;J=W#HXGIB1N0K34I!OP_GIQ7@:XCG9!+E]F%=MY]C1T?OGP5&PH^\\EAW'

M\E)58#%;Q@
KD*)\3(Q%Z'#GEUQ?X]&2X]NF9;5NKREW&6TB4CG:9@39ZO*
MWF6QP54=SU5;\K^:CVT%4[/_EFMR)\

KF[.:EZ93%GIO+?+0P)+%N(61+B35WM





M+W-H965T
2YX;6Q]5MN.FS 0_17$!P1L;DF41
I%52NU4K15M\].X@2T@*GM


HV<<F7 4/;:9'



!.XD$NQZ%H[4\Z\AC)7!]DZ
M  9/J

1-0@./Z1&]W8SF$0


MA-^*6G@G)M4+:MZY*V.2JJ6$
[6MN:J5AD%)KU)W

M+W-H965T
BYX;6R-F-UNXS80A5_%\/VN-

_
7 
-#:*%FB!Q19MKQ6;B8V5



M7QU/X4N[Z%[JNFS_?@A5\W:_A.7[C:_'YT
_W



M^J&)




MWG


MQ




6.B0.05

59*HPODCXD5&)

ME%14NECLT:I!%.8V63:HQ-]MSE)+V:4X)#\5R%^9)/


M?1X/


+Q=]


M10TME0^\ATZ?5%RT5.FEN&#9ZE-;4

MU[:EXL\3

!L[3GE[@.Z@?_4GH%9ZBE$T+G6QXYPFH
O1A

A&H'FYP!
9
((WQV\5$4TIC
MG


M5@3^)


MK7OAM&!0*3--]%R
19%U?;@\[2Z*\[^%2O19FG=7@M]U%U+GVZ



M\#QI0GDIBN_-RZ^[^ZEH&/G

MVN!#


M/F](&Y:TH:01FY4A;I10


@
+M*+E#A\+IA4-9@
MS@S(J!'(TT%*&'258#+H!1X?[*X. :#63.X1!LUQIQM5@\@*?
$

S

M%RG.EH1A!;[- -^@09
.[^2(!;X/ FV$#I?G'I

N.H[C%JS*$GBYE Z'N'




MQ$WL5LIW#$D[!N[

S(64/RU5C^?P5=

[+?7L#44VVQ=NI;C]^
M!L/7:XZE;$ZU:'P%LPUPXW+VR.'7<O;$C3]($02D835%B2<C[! @H2S%B8U






WVJ

V.']2%H3K7*=IU1

M:G'*#NJK








M.LE#2*AVJEGXYL%]&Y(2D+M83*15H$L*N/D;(


8





MC FMQL@J1M(

XD#PKDG=B[(50=EGN1&(



B:S4GC
D96.BJ!
37@B86

M9@H/83-B( ;Q5,DMAR*4=3)
:

M'):(

M5BP2'5
3?L?8.IB!7FG0 R0*J-Q\ RHGJ1=$2LV49&Q5'%L521
J&+E+6(/1
M.Q3@G')*5E#$46IX8D4SMBLV\8HV4Q









M:&5E='

!1^%8L'J+DUM!%!:A)-F[1)4:=UOQTX
M7%0;

N\!D;D



-9S[Z&Q^.]P :KA)A
=(^=4VB_*




BB4RFP3








&


)($D6(R

&R#3
K+]X5$(X2B$

RX28GH]I'+
*&A&^684

:&.)D+6H_D.C=&3$
$_MA0LJ=&.3CT6! Y%A)
MH)4$9$RLK!(OBHIZ
^8

0M_B9.6 N
M9TI3-(/^.(^8E$2X!L(9MY$)%S9(9XL44WTCC_',Q_9 _+:$L_)##V SKP:






M)-


?V+SM4\4?*+??T4(/H)??H/X
M

M=XW@^N/*XG]02P

A%@'1)5+52*T57M7UV




M$$BK#R7P4HD]GM$G!0YSA+]^A!SGD&B[;
)?[-.W?/^A3W]9(%@4*Q \ 0
M3 ZJPT064UO

 +)]W.09^B\#_]AHMVPP6[DRK[#K




[S+=

M+W-H965T






\G2J;BO\$5I \/2GR. J6-*REZZU!-+%Z*
M$F_CWNJX#^--LIM@ZP ^ ?@
.


M3-UJ2R[H_

M2P

M965T

 [@



I
M1-NYX&!EWO






M


@E^[?

KQ
H''.ZIV^.)]FT




M;'U386_;(!#]*X@?4!*2-E%D6VHZ39NT25&G;9^)?;91@?
 Q]V_'V#7\S9K
)9-ZZ.#%5DG
M&O@_FMWL<%B



M]






M_[


M9O@&4SW7E$S%W\
H?=2;/;[C%T
MT11S'&/29<P<P9!]3I&NI3BF'^#I.GR[JG ;X=M_%-ZL$^Q67:18/??$E=B
M;I)W2=BBIPIL$Z?)D=+T.D[RPCL/[&U\1/8W?)SV!VX;H1TY&X\O&_M?&^
!

9SN.V6AXTTT_B
W?N'@%4$L#!!0    ( %*&&TT6
M8R 





(#KR4S94?
MH=9_L-F04+MP_.+/9ARST7#833^(S=^X^ =02P,$%     @ 4H8;387E6#JT
M 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T



M++50H*U 30PT!;W;'T]9B(\!CP)&NSJ34
D%\2D87^J[H(@D%YP
#]=H5[

]1PH





M';-$


5=!O8NB6_R-WR:]F_<M$);<D'G7S;VOT%TX*7L;OP(=?Z#

A!Y
M&;\G3CJG#

V ?\[ Q453^


MSSZG2-92')



MRK:4316U4BNM4C5Y9NVQC0+&!;Q._[X#=ARKL?HS'#.F0M#-AK[XEH 3UZU
MZEQ.6^_[ V.N;$$+=V5ZZ/F-E8+CZ9MF.LMBJ2M&(\2:Z9%K*C119])UMD
M9O!*=GRQ U:_OG
J

*IJ+%Z[3++N[C=).F

\8K)%8Y0BQ]L,134/AP_
MX]E.8S89WO3S#V++-R[^ E!+ P04     !2AAM-PT*B.;0!  #2 P  &0


VR-MH7P
;O^=F8;$3S9%L 1YZUZFQ.

F#
[8BGCGQ5OOO10\X1F[!*(YYCC%\%7
;HE@GGU)P;=2


M-NG4:=MG+G$25(@S()?NWP](FF5;M^ C=_SLS'9B.;5M@.O&G5V9RVSO5'
MQFS9@A;V!GOH_$V-1@OG3=

M#EH+\_

M?!N^WU2XC_#]'PKOM@G238(T$J3_+7$KYO!7$K;JJ0;3Q&FRI
2ABY.\\BX#
M^\#CF_P.GZ;]LS-[RYH/



M:O+
VN.+PL4!O$[_OH =QTUY



P'UL(OL+^'LW8665GJ7H TO9)(0U/@N_1XRGQ\





$%     @ 4H8;3;MR14BT 0  T@
  !D


M9*?A9(@=E!+FUQ$DCCE-Z+OCN6M:%QRLR'K1P#=PW_N3\19;6*I.@;8=:F*@

MXG3GI





_2N('U N7*ZM3DFD7JMJ
MDS;IU&G;9RYQ$E0(&9!+]^]G2)IE6[0O@(W?\[
QV6CLJVL!/'G3JG
Y;;WO

M2]R@M; _3Z#


5)7GF7
M@7W@\4U^AT_3_EG81G:.7(S'EXW]KXWQ@%)V-SA+7ZPQ5!0^W\P[.=QFPR



MVDCRXSI^)



MQ-%P^F_\RFL#MYD8C;VHE?L;[2]*BV9@









]P!V;@



/$N$B*BJ0(0;(3P3#I3H1L_G
.


4
MAZ1I%MF6FDY3)ZU2U&G;;V)?VZA@7








CU. '





AIFA 







PP\N'1
M6OW++DRPQ+L/,'NOQ*CJQ)#F$]$XJ!('"(KT1F0LD@1%D@#![95(+._

$%     @ 4H8;30NN

MBLY&I=]
V#1N^#2Y+BUMC\28LH6!#-WJ@?I3FJE!;/.U TQO096A2#!4V2




M


M2P
$%     @ 4H8;31/E=-



M&W1'X?9
\LI$KT6T767D:H5&S'[ 1#-

U:K)&!+8+D\^8^-YQ

7


BYX;6QU


_


M9/AFA1;

M%.Y:]&$^:/+H-3EZ!




RYX;6R55M&.FS 0

[N.


5_&:YA@@5(

ZHYB:
H

MM@=I9F1D.54U-*H232#AO UW]'E/5]; (=XJZ-1D'-BM'(5XMY.OIVT868^

MKER_BNX+#!M:AL&P^V]P V[@UA.C40BNW#



^&G
M:+GN:(Q0^ F @F8R@.)U31.$PL\!#)3.) '%RY\BM9WZ:8YO( _P-0I+S3
MASS 0'-Y@/\$*%+AZ4



U+GAM;(U5T8Z;

$D@40$


_=T#E_TVC

W#N




8J#L]O
DLRLO0)U]L]-!

;CV\/)RD-V%JB)_L5U_8'


MJQ4@95-%J=1(JU1MGKTP@!5?J&V6Y.]K&T)(RHOM&9]SYN)Q/FKS8CL AUZE


M-?$2
A#7YW?U^UB[K^7

T%_\3+B \

0Z9 L7
OS/'

M]SPKJH6[4VH_\[QJM1-Y4MW(O2CTFXTL\T3IQW+K5?M2).O&*
\\ZONAER=I
MX2[G3=M3N9S+@\K20CR53G7(\Z3\&XM





MRLD5
B=8YV2
T(FI8$(^JBN6



:X^9



M6JENC['

*2&
6A[^\P(TWK9:GU7426\E[1


]







[8XW3D
MXDTV 


*+T4M1(]@)(:4F
HB@(-HB1
MMO/SU

M0K-*V3+H9

MN


M;CXEQ!
A_B#@3PEX(N [ G)6;&V.1)$\%7STA#O=GIA+%.ZPKGYA@K;8]I\N

M1+SJ


R\H5
I

$%

!PT=J8VB9L_[ZV(2PA


)!T[_U+FJ$K1%





MJ%DE]G]W[.=UXV5CGN)G&;)?YM5N3XV ]-8B9?X+2D7V?YM UR3:-M_;5X

M\$_QO


,*?EL
M6.%,17&


<^TG5+M#$(751Q


MJ8FCV?]+@VE.
N$S^)T&
MTX)@DE
 
=V3X]+#\X2B0DR/))./YQ+%Q










%=7
W=?U
WKIL.;3P_)3GZ1]=?#<ZE;WN!E

EE1T1BTB&^I/%5G[TZ3RHM2/YK&A\W
]1M&
I/KNG&1
MZ

HL:SQI'C][I^X0LS$\?W_S_M0FKY-Y22JY5-GW=%/O9V[D.ANY38Y9

-+QAHF.L55:UO\[Z6-4J[[UH*GGRJWNF1?L\]?[?

''#K@K0-^

^)B-@&P$8$

-AU&G
5AO@EZ!#&N#'Y
MPF;,M=9AP@$D' #1ADL \ E%@9A (IH;!V07?4%R-5&T+(2#
#

M\@A A!

M)H&I/#$($T7&##_8GH+02
IV-%*]Q


V&=T9!L0K-



M


DV0;I)


:\5$FD)M.T29M4



8ATY[B2\9=BX)A'.0- DB'4G-TFD



A$QIJ%NU
ZB]02P,$
M%     @ 4H8;36K+1T?M 0  7@4  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T



MDO6
P=KD[#1T.@VM0+04B(E;('(*1%: 7#AXOIUQ*PLIK.88.6OKVK9.EQ


%6M%_T#VH]6


M='


M1=2L

M_RP9%\W)_YEX;4XYMHNHRMZ9']8/IGO9%FAGJ5?5&R2A6B\B0[+/Q/9+XF

RWQ

MC)W@ROUZNY/2HNQ4C)62?K37HG+7IM._T&!T!&GDBIX2P(X1C5%'B&X(

MF
IA2(*G-[6L %2
@P?51*9Z-Y,',(
2@0CX]C @I
1L318N)_Q &@!G&T
M+\#D/K1PAC%L.0$M)X#E!Z%-08'I^-!FH
!L1&BSNSAN WN&&)@@&&Y:#-B(
LN9-&!&E)5;52






M%'X5P@


NJBO'

!:U[%FFE)N_F63;ZV9DW


S_
1MVGXW.,*S


:LX*X*]
MQ+6789WBGSV=:=L$.A/H0DBO0R^Q4'#^A5E6YEI-2





 4MLD1A$.@A0QTO5^6=C8290%ORK:]7 2GKPR1L2_

T:SYCAI\#M-NFB0]E\@V G!UB!:&83Y




M/-7WM0='*C#KFV+Z;\=-&38NK[['GBI+Q67 91G/;[ 3^_^@
5.S2IG.H6




MB-[R:+W*T$T*C9B=Q@0SC#\AD%?4@2V%+M@00_N$^R7B-[AQ1+2+JRFPBM


?$LBX'8+Q&1X72)\!]\'8G59V+QZ1L^DV6.($X-JQ90[!F?



MY ^(P;NP: 5(V411*[72*E7;9R\

_XS)DS@\?9
M).2+:@%T\


M7.$!&+-$1L:?A1.M*6W@=G]C?W*UFUHN5


5_@RLP [=*3(Y2
Q1
M$'_HD0^3^)




RYX;6R-5.V.FS 0?!7$ YSY#$I%ZJ
MJI5:*;JJ[6\'EH#.QM1VPO7M:QN2.*6^Q-[EYEA=HB=#8R_B@9 .F^4=)W
-X&4=QV;I&9WH$7&3M+
MTG9PX(XX4XKYGV<@;,A=W[TV7MI3(W4#%5F/3_ =Y(_^P%6%9I6JI=)EG4.




$%
M  @ 4H8;3;?; :X !   

\VI+//Z



!70Q$
M_+\&/!GP#X



M0*Z0L?J(&+AP*# ^B.2.XH2JX9 LF$596HE7D@*$S/YMG#,87-6#D$D@ZK
M





08 KUL[6ALDK;U@

MZU9U7


G)*I9H#QC(M@1'YPANH]4[.!2-*+T6!92.



'\=[@U73B3XCY53:+TI;J3@;5'0JC'ST8U7;L1OT



M
R .T#K[]@MHC;'




_21A
#7_ V[ C-Q68AB58
K]!M55


6E]:^3^I
MO+2=DYF_OO;NE9 W&
'HRP





M=2U'(FG-V:_VK)HRS

@


MP$(!O130QJ-5?/R

ME-Q!R399DMQ]05M-_
_#@KTDV$/B//H]WF2!



M0ZO6WQ1V;R\V!;^JNFK97GCRVC14_-FRFO=K'_GWC=?J4BJS$6R*CE[8=Z9^

MV5$9%U0/-[9C=6T\:8[?HU-_BFD

@4JVX_6OZJ3*M9_YWHF=
MZ;56K[S_S
:$B.^-V7]E-U9KN2'1
8Z\EO;7.UZEXLWH1:







M9DW7O(+?J+A4K?0.7.G^;;OLF7/%M

M^+(&T_.^^0M02P
$%     @ 4H8;3;EL7T+ P  I P  !D   !X;]W;W)K

$&JB12TV3:I$VJ.FW[






/W;H


?#04$89P@AA
$)L$\46ER*JTQ20&4QE



$%     @ 4H8;

0QBEI2=V&Q


E=2 J


MU^



.&###)!

OYD(A$V@15K=1*T5;=7CO$6@!4]M)MF]?V[!L
M&91;P(VW_S^/1G9DUT9?Q


O=







RL@IU;J4_[


ZDN47/5'1F35'ETG]395:IV

 
GZ;[];$

MWX:CE#IZ;^IV6
='K;N')!FV1]F(X5YULC7_[%7?&VF_2$9NEZ*G3-JZH0@
ME:-J-IXLW)K3_UFI4ZZKEKYU$?#J6E$__=1UNJRCG%\77BN#D=M%Y+-JA
'

M=8PLD:SE5EL7PCS.LI1U;3T9CC^3TWB.:0V7XZOW+RYYD\RK&&2IZM_53A_7

MJG7/R^3_:@8;D

TA&
I?J9Z'%9M6K2]2/;ZL3]J/ #]04
-[S(5LG9.IHTCZ.&+#3DHZ(

$H*HJ0 O904B *\4I7 J(








*IR^]VO=N+4;]&^T
M94(P$(*1X

M
V1_#UFMEY
(%^L

O/G9GS[:?N0




6O&@]L

MF2KU


A\U

&N-T[ZZ4:V
MYK\%V3]02P



:


S[F\RP?3^8KAII

G@4%I_W;B['L9^
*QJQXTFT]]*]@]02P
$
M%     @ 4H8;34G);HBP 0  T 


-=_TG

Q6


J($U(4AP

MK6=@;KO! W#NB9R
7PLG7E/ZP.WYC?TIU.YJN3(##XK_'!K;E_@C1@VT;.+V

T3

M[XJ
F$/ R)CD70JRZ:D W85I



M;6R56&USHCH4_BN./V#A'$)''6FM=OM]F5U]LZ]]S.ML3H+X@5:]_[[#8@*
MR8FE7Q3\SPY;SD)C/=9_JM8*U4.?J?)MI@


MURK)]I

K




M_-Z44[+/V09^F7)
-YSS'5UF'/

ME]Q-7

&
M6QB&T
4\V)@SPM


M-V-(X0)I=N YA6.^D[_'3L,$%M,:R?L:CA:82?B*&CF0#O$T-N^XQZ*BN&


?1(Z7SA*



$%     @


H?C4/UW?G8]%8E*_RV[I1D;E_S_DL


MG?Z]&\@.P$Y5$!U NH@X(Q]2T!W OI50+\I$'8X5 !TPF8H0*V$[!#!:).

.=DC6CIDD\K(_PB=*:(F8SPS3
M)[YP6E2?N:*



4*L5GAEEM$(VSPPQ)A):QVC#KBAFP6B!1IP/
MTY8
TY92S&4@JR2_4)9?*
LL%(ZCE@RD0. CDE!*6D&



 ]<P/<4M.)OQ]PX4\\1!H0*1K3!FZQC%9%8'7ER(?P))Z('U35?\J

MDH'Z4HZ#




+X7)\H34!4-J#@13!G&:$_*59Z@

L[O#

$%     @ 4H8;3544#;DD
M!   ?A


P_Y+N9*)Z5FD6AX5ZS=9.OLMD




ZX/N@3IN9Q3\\.Q#;@D#+Q6=
M#3RF+[\N# @A0L^WUVX

[K.7(X0V?
:H2_3TF2(P'WP(M @@
%#9Z.
S
MX_C


M-[=M-VVR@'C04'X!WR#O@'SAX8:#AYBA]!]B(!HQX$]0#,49%B68-@T *L-
MQ*!AJ Y /^$Z0WT UF-Y(Z#.^JXQS92B 6%+\
8CKF=$\0



M?M/:)S!X!J3]!09SM)T

IAC[7?$&\Q4L+H]RL^JQT=[J.JI

%MOD]QZ3POU

MNK64W1XAD== L;AC';3J3\DXQ5*9O$*BXX +0Z($!9X7(8J;ULT2XSOQ+&&]
M)$T+)^Z(GE+

MAS)U[_W]

MX#H3%2-G1)BOD_=,CJIJ%0H?AW7IC7K,.E?:79
2Q9MHP1=M-$.8R8






!!%?R7*!Y!X2!Q @ 1;5:W42FBK;I\-&(@VB5/;P/;O

C42-:_


+4'
M7

MOZE_=L6;8K9
\1=1_
KW^K0()V&PYP=V+O2KN'[A;4%I&+35?^
77IAPFXGQ

:2+B(QZ9P&8

M&(GQ[W7\0


M9'!7;1N4]F[53 #VS^.%4P-#:FCFH09P:N ):@G!C @[G_\D*$^'QP:F!(
J!B' J:/]'<8

NM^9/.:5K9FZ'.C5X'

UQWBX(?M'W-S+ML)LQFH47=3L]1-\(O_P)02P
$%     @




M
CA9VN$+^4[$C^[ Y

Y'_KL;[(!&!S0YH/?#O[HX/^O0S Z!!\.@<[6$(K.38X%SE)&



P$;0;^[XS_7QD
M?P%02P

+8*'8-\M/4Z$AI 44PL/N-K7YCB]^-X7?$Q(LLR<9H_-Z


M2P%7KS!)C
;MUQAH?E3E&N.'D?D#@L7_WF)VT;.4.Q6]=D+]-HOH/*Z? S4O
MC'@AQ_@X=3]DQC/@!V*7IN/.D0HYC?3
.%


P$/T5Q ?4W!*:):1-6N





MA&A&0$

&\%<<ER-_YVUF_5D#^+ICE
MBR930H%79@.%D[-K*W6S)]YQR9\/64S_T$M_[KGS+#R_$3\ZIIA7-A4LVP
MF;22,0DJ1^]!)5FKQVHT)127V-UY\/*#H9DG7V-T/@D9O\ 4$L#!!0    (

3L=6E\LSY2S?Y?%S;7A<1*]A!=XR^;FQ'2N*SI.




M





M5+2@ *$HHN* LVH('02TZ&B504(60%=5A1(ITJUCMXIW/_N*T=0&@'Z-JA
M0+.(O-@)#&T+M(  H2H*X@S9*R/%-5+1$ *$1J&L$3(T+](B@81(H*_Q
MD*# P$.+! +A0N\[$F3*AU82))0$]:Y3H'BZ13Z$D8&)5A(DE 3UIE.@J;Q&


R0\VDH:G4U];?F
MI'7K?2^+JEG[I[:]/(5ALSOI







M(NQZOYG@R


IN1EU*232!A3039+C2V0

M6I[

M



MJ)G#Y#&$GI.
2)02Q0SSR:
%R6A%=\DH9!!1=1-SS!''\V3D+L=*$F8PQAP1


MSP+P3-5\@3D5;'E*LR@  S*^10*E\&,!8R804&LE1&\^2WHND
QI09C*E

LT PSU-?N##_+#,L@ L
M2Z)T

9:+EDA


 /(KR%D.A'BAP
88B7E+@K.@N8)$&



Z^.Y:KPWT[:F'#:]#\:TNG



[(]XS($=-:AN$@R!%
M+:D[O\AU;


 M$#L%8BT0/S0JLAIE

;YJM++\&LWQH

M*[Z1L]&
L@\9
UA_$':N.^X=J)!77%_$$Z4I,M@(5M;R5D^'AHX;7-Y)Z9
MB68.@O;#L$;C/T;Q#U!+ P04     !2AAM-7#OGORT   W!@  &0   'AL




MMPCQHH0:\Q5MH9%/SI356




VC:

MP4 (9@34EZ)[DV.!LX31SF+]O]MB]1*YVT!VOU!!W6S]3+:'R^@MB\


(SI=AY[KWF&_1/C.(R1?0N*UV81OK-/7?'^:PG/





M

MCC/6_8GM969V=H.7XL[XJZ@!I/?6TDYL_%K*?HV0J&IHB7AB/73JR9GQEDAU

MYE)+'4!ET9
+_ 3YJS]P=4*3RJEIH1


'VA!0J*16(&JYP0XHU4+*QM]1TY]2:N)\_U#_8FI7M1R)@!VC
M?YJ3K#=^[GLG.)




XZ(\./YBEPX!:(G0*Q$8AG NDJMQHU8#*#




M9RS^!]R :KC)1
?(.97VU\FO4G$VJNA4&'D?SJ:U9S_JWVG;!#P2\$3P'[\D


M;U_;$$I@N ';G#G?&!A/VC'^+@I*I?515XW8V864[=9U15[0F@B'M;113RZ

7<UG31I2LL3B][.P]VAY0H .
XE=)

MO-K




V(&
#_#4Q
M;( \N#8\(

MH_ 2A3PG6B'!=8M\@(3F)'])\F(G64/!%8Z $H_G)3Z(GC]5Y&PV
Y0[.3QK


$%     @ 4H8;33=SGE;

M)W&1A=Q)%YD:+.\DG#0R@Q!
_SX5V..8WQ-/'=-:WV%%G/&O@.]D=_TBXB





RN3'Y'I-$
M_[&9;C9)-YJD-TTFS#Y@9

O

M@3NG;]\%$\N]N/ECV&5FF%W Y:3TL^D!;/0BQ6 JTEL[[B@U30^2F1LUPH K

EA
JMY



?R


M:&5E=#@U+GAM;(U4VXZ;

LE:5HX<4?TE&+^9P^$#:GK

M.[J3
V-O.OA6I*ZG#0&!7&H%K)8+'( 0+:1LO$^:[EQ2$Y?[J_I7T[OJY8P%




PSP4


MD2\=(YON^A_UWRK_U!+ P04     !2AAM-*Q1ET H&  #)*0  &0   'AL










(%E0)3)U)R*L&

)B=5B[FQ
8K7@4#4\5$
J\E#-

%2_S3(R&]6DR?
MC4FO]G9ZG90
&\$

35UV81 
[

FX])JC[
H($=4Y)A(YA:#ZBE
M/AEZS)M/F0X@Q@.BY@-NGZE.2D;# =1T .!6DA
&Q'P 2QD08


MFNF^!'LXY\R9B1EG ^
OHJ)4.J]MTXFM6TG9;Q 2945;(AY83SOUYLQX2Z3:
M\@L2/:?D9$AM@P+/BU%+ZL[-
Q

18 9;9D9
M$CCX]AR7$@*+%Z'ZT,^W$:P7YC
MT&\,^(TLO_'*RJ?02ZQS4 H('A
8#

MH

M)FK-QUD^;B3KIVL*S7=E_@]02P
$%     @ 4H8;35A81)\Z @  D08  !D


MM[1W&)SV[F.PJS*%UX!?+8Q\
C^/$?W.S.Z#) <T.0?)?AW!R

[J55%:MF=5:YEN@GQ 471^J#94&%ZYS1G
M5C&9I22K





M&NNG:S?7PT4= JNZ\0V2Z4=0_@-02P
$%     @ 4H8;31;&*=+B 0  Z@0

\T'(-]4 Z.=
MLT[M4*-UO\58E0UPJNY%#YUY4PO)J3:E/&'52Z5(W&&XS!\P)RV'2IRUSO(
M(A=GS=H.#C)09\ZI_/





1HQ

RD-XGO

M9N9R_/W&0HM^NEGP?+T5?P%02P




VKB
M:4M/G

M(W:WB#2:(
09F%PDBRZ2P

M

V1V0/[!/%-]9-*@@[+NK

MK7NC4\AL7[ZX.9ZN*E#8%4W/D(R_0G*3U!+ P04     !2AAM-



RYX;6Q]5-%NFS 4_17+


J;=$Z+S@33#[*%QKXII1+,V%)=B&X5L,*3!=1$&R(8'6#
ML\3W3BI+Y-7PNH&30OHJ!%-_#L!EE^(0WQLO]:4RKD&RI&47^ 'F9WM2MB*C



;(?K3
9_2O87

M:&5E=#DT+GAM;(U578^;


M)G-'5W)@[%D'7T]KU].&@

[OZI]-[:J6


MU8.*LE*3EWZL&C-V@_Z=9B?@@8!'@A_^EQ 


M-62WA3I$'*XV@46XUBPP^F)GS/+A!8!0(C$$X$HIG'30])#*3IFX&C;%:K




*)RE


!3'7\7R ]3$84D:
$%MW()F]TSTH?])J(YGSICD3VQM@30R2@M LVQ#)N,)5$7U'4Q7Z
MX@17<#3(7J1DYN\!A!Y*O,(WQQ,_=RXX2%7T[ R_P?WIC\9;9*(T7(*R7MD



MJ

M 9DT^YZ%7[S:4S^;.CCC*.*9+]YZ[[7:;38%N0;0J#DD#9UI\OL/#?'\*0E=
M3$(C()\!:':_#%@O M81L)X#5MDR(%\$Y/]5L-ODG]I
FFW4J-1FOOV4A
SF


!#^*XCO+6#
6Y1$*DG1)FU2U6K;9R=Q$E3

M]ZREC?JR9[PF4DWYP1




QO;:

A
M?O]Z_GO_A':WA^^$'\I&.!LFU3%C#H









/$*@XCB_YVA#
5D





MR
ARK#DTJA:-)^&T\9_#]2X


OXCN


MX@0+E&#A.([@@0G6*($2Z2=':-/29QF








@GWD*C





BBJ2Q
MX+TCAK_;$G.(O'VHNY\9IVVV_:;;([7WFNYV08RO1FC$' :
/\-X$P)K]2F$

-<KT




ML9V%! $2RZ!6:J715&V?

L=1@A

DYR_%%9YRK*X^+O@J;A


)@XYXJH

M)/!J N^F4.M4 UF5&/RQHFO%7-E8IA/-*)GTUF@0=: AS ?9^3#C'R0T4!-
M T@0/%[3$208@0@BK:8-QN_7U

MV0


M1@T(!\7B1)$ZZ=(!0!'1/Y/_ =T&@V6
(OTQQ .!#/% H($]Q[2,:0_NG@
MT-#69EBC&) ?0SM:T/W/.PISY5^F0$@-K!*#*L= VIGG'D &BP
EA9FJD9$



MO?'AF^#:





MLJLD;0=G[H@KI9C_.P!A0^;Z[MWQTM:-U Z4ISVNX2?(7_V9*PO-*F5+H1
M


M-R *KC-1



M
*EFV$Q:Q9@$E:/WI))LU&
U&P0JJ:^)NO-Q94=#LGYZC=#\).;_ 5!+ P04

MZQND*GIZ@M]@__0'[2HRJ31
@#1
2:2A+?'7=+?//3X GAD
9C9'/LE1J5=?
M_&A*G'A#P*&V7H&ZX0)[X-P+.1MO41-/6WKB?'Y5?PS9798C-;!7_(4UMBOQ
M%J



D&(
SYR!9=9(&?SW=(\V6!
M?%$@#P*K#S&V-S%&S9@9



MPMVZV W
_;KE:/&'*8C&3H_T2CXP91JU\



72;1\VJ1+\^[HMM9J+?P(\JGR?9:





U

9XU/0Q-A

09D1@FHAKBH4W


!STV(+VB!.-THO3@AU& 1S,X-(-3,C@'# )%
M.=A!_!*RKA(1X/8T(0QZ8&/!!@1; ]#VEP3;$)4B&6P(FI
!.QQ0;%QPW






M$16.A[KHBL@+;XH4CXUX;EH$=$L2(4%_M2 :FT3VF8M =T1FJ*?OJ8#P[O:[
M14 3B@B_D3ZT()J:1


8!\]T6;U4# @/V
?6.O &#^0ILK#








MWO63A8.3%;V!'OL.U__UW_Y;YPEJ;


6JPQV$8A)
MW:0
G^_+0PV;VNK4WOW6#=;)7-4UM/FR]75:WT?0:)3]_9!_33?P:*O]3]DJ




MK.7&MW'\Z!QYD*?XDY_BC_W/OLEN
W@(*$&Q*K=9]#G]UGX(R7F^I]-$&PCT
M 2E05JS:+:*


M;0IYR^5H'D\6\WBY6+IGD*S1YY-%/!E-Y/
VE=J#V 6] %
I\'IV[+N[1R73
MCQ(N;W:?%77^-8LV9=VY'3H3I


D&1K:6BQ-!HQ$


MTS\@T87CD@.SR==PV/+;//67&6:ZVAS6600[5[L/#S6
!-:@/%014AHB0CS4

%$:1

0X1_?50O&'.!QV!)P;VLA1WZE^WXMH$%68ND@\D3AW#<
%RG







FEQW[TO7:4ZXV
M*B<_;,J'\RV(YI4?D-YV0MX4OZUV\[RDR-:+0Y#/(M.%%I_L/$<3U:KB3?&

Z6*6;F=4
9&.JRHJRQ;BTI^:OOHGG?9
M/MT:J=4D=W,]?WU$U3Z^/A_%K$)2A9BG6+GM60E\<)WCQ@$E0D<Q4'LI-YE

+.6X]G7/%3JY
+

!HL'P%IRIGWOG'H.#_+.R



MQ*^2E H-_YBB-K$GHKXIBT?G[]%]0=_4 ^SVYO&R?
+4!]N0!?(4Y1_8^AY
ML\E0AD+E'
TH.6ICO[EOR]&H^'W#UE



M]BW=PF$0EQHU1TW)@_1I#!N5KT SK(UFKXXP''.?AVX0O:4+BH3//AE';U*X
M4M'5('H-NPWS_Y+'-+Z/0
;(Z\8N]?L\NS4J[H=;.-CH2J@/*Q3]
Z3+]T7T
ME]*^_CVBOKV:M8:1#BB1]OTBQWAS?O_1@^W\/R
MBES

K1Y%?369?U^S]1:-F_#E-BW2.S7!J/
V)@VT)@L-#(IB





M/EM]@98Q[!1#;O;D/?+T3@C

@-.#*WS@X3AGN

SF


M.-'O1L
2:+)W8I%R7U=NQ=RRQW;H#W!$LTN0(




PN9[X/)X\':N.8SN(7CW&$#


M_%7 FSV(_KU\0!($A






 0
[Z2L%_0!'A\







M))E$/V+*R(^4
L)I77B+06'.]V)B0* :@\I7H_NDG6RI7;^7!JEC912F=K

$XZ:!R@\?
M]M3%B)D(RP

M?L\J2I7=HL.!Q0^@=([:X0AE0&()(-7

MA)*

U^5B#.\@3DV!$


MVVLC4?N9&CA6%-V/FA;

MU!3119G)GK1&NVS)(HQ(]X



^E^!F5C6KT^

M;T=T&]1AXVFJLAOV$R&=-_2=K @/UK-X=P!!7VV@NN25WQ/5:(D7@'2!O![N
M.#(!HJIUKU]Y$:

G-BW_)J:K]%N2Z)+SC !ZT&W_D#A-G#4ZN!MUR*Z?D ^Q)%B
M1AZMW=[MQI-UBZNG]C&*O@

M/*_@H]L
31G

A2\Y:_6M

#[(SO1F8[ =PPZ8



[T&X#:
K!-Z-P+YTAT%9E^N&




MB JU9I%L]*Y3A+VCVD4:D5[
L43J:/1W7_@T9^FP0HFY( 
5SXSA-TCHP9A-
MM


LP['
7H'C%C
Y=B+

M.K:Q


ME#$.Z7+SR)$-PKW.Y$A@7LPE#4]E'SU@\P$+ .N0*9-S'



*PE 5..#?:6B*OO'[#-%)J9;]\(I^
MM;;DL

MU!'\DX^+4G$J*T\]LEL?&-XTO8G?N6XD'V@J)L[PL)?HV].)F.*1IJ Q2T/.







L0_)D*@@.:<
MHC6W)JC1^)34:\SZ/+5 @BEE'N,,*I/ZK.0Z&!Y,E/0]; %IICJ(.-$
U_U



HKJ8 
!Z?N']S;Y#1OQ+**L=''

A8^WG
\N


T--Z#&%G&GS6)&
GJK=NOL4


M9XX%WK8
9YHHHX8;5S$J; Y]EXH%*M@_UD5H!).7:N;9'&IC$\.M62FH&P?L





X)KR!S%)?_E7UNT9;==:0@5D!7/;U::=;?/#-JKAMEPS%V%

:GTJ2




0'G*1.M!H+* S0KQ[SPS

M#6CNV4-TD.!AJ3
/+DE7(Z\:*%CMR$

W'*GBA76!C_)_
LC4Q!JYI '
M#'$VB

!K?8WD



R8@
M#)C$I8G:#DP\FTS2(^EZ@I3(I8/NJ9N
E;ZD
0HY)YC
09*I!
['=418LTQ
MAS4HU(%=:#Z49+_WB2Y^YGM
J=&@(Y-6APA

OW9

V_Z\#!'Z\-*W$]B0O!9NH1$


J^ NAY?1A1-TH@&1+S52 +2)7R'
M2TM@+ -;4\U;##2J!Y?D# _
-1I
K91#YH0&%6SYQK J9LYN


M
2*



(XZW<P9Y*
M&!FH1PZ3B$NRY

(EW

MK&&&;[*56 NFFL
X.7NB9-DX/LL!FFY=H)8J14?7)1BBV%B42[6XKO
 7O5C
 $NHZ2K<X

M


?0%=4T#
M+7!D/1VX!44CVK




MR%JZF



;$;8./JS?UP@! D.#'79

)
M15.
1'PK.A=S%B?S&:[!$-9\%
+BJ(*N#+/G6ADO9(#]^A2[;LR%NITL'/T:
ME/*NL:
\OUS


MOH2+/$\TDHD1F1.X0C/40V8S3([XDA'[FRRF:/A?SN79$9+2S6:*Q'/.V8
M#


2_&YA\F8U0/#/:4%9F@[2

ME.IP;]P M.?FHMG



!D:
9HZ;S#KA&V5'.8F&\_5-W'0WS@5L


MUT7K=U3K

9()&U;
&
M+52$%OC)_ZOSYJ]6^_ @=^



M0G )$=O!A?PYZ:IBR6)P\]!.,:$@@N,P'_N 4@[EHU$KP7)QZ #@@9Y6M!




M%D+L:+/0X95H;OO2\P6RG:A&S1_VU#2TR)A*_?16O(D7+%U :]=L]0&HE8



*

:'
UC7])-1/)T



[UO8.+HSL?=-JTH7;)9NS$/UY)XT0W()7-XF1)UO=E/!PN6(99#A.&
M






#:(_P<Y0O-6?

M:_UCC*:N4-

O-)IF
/
MQCZ!\O5#V14O][(G]&T@-=]=&I8/SVN$SXD[3IH!4F$#Z%*.*ZSN&@9!8H^F
M&*X
I]TK1AFI!*60%;' 2W'\IZ9QN6+*WN)P* XU

MI7+9RQCV6#).$^

%9]32I4B(Y8EZRD#;!6LI<$P4F@L5F^P06ZQ+6 D)1<W
ML22(=3K3S%$W1OHB2+QJ]C?0@W1)_.AKBJ5\TK\ACHN3W34L&2DPH=,(]0^!
MHSB]HMRL73()]PH=PNX5V28&QE8]:]*ER12A!\N,NJ5X 0U6('5,Z96MV(
MX)T[K$'A(-WP&


M\( 5GVM_@@U\(U\D7 )5.&[$8VT[-?5M?
R$#:^/19HI5^*6B4-!'$-$*X*=

T

M(G\(;MNS:#1%!\:
?AO'RQE%MV)8P!*=




%1]7-DF4\7DR&_HFZ(]I#9K6QT-HGV+)1_-X2*]/
*9V
F\L

3WGA0B[^)7


OY

9LP30XGD]'_
MPF 1+E$3)%
8R

2GA@20[)2M2[)THA*ZEF@0J2Y

6G6%!QI)OR95 (
 ZD;1


M



MNT5Z\%S
J@!='B[CQ6Q(OX&PLI@0=UV2V'+5]NET&^N 
T??R3\S^?H2Y8*
MFYV1(/


M/6.H
Y&-7&%-+GXD=$$!RD-@
P*5$ NK8$OXF%63I42]\=RT-)+DAU$\[JDA
M47PW!5:H=^=QE[FZ6?HBY]MXN[A$\W#C#J*&P22U&*I)G XBZG]-/D'33W@2



@YE?8


E='R


MI%U=(/;
9

-OH315[-
 $$$-C#!
!05
M[)_R&SP$72R6-.@$A W,R7=_RF\=<.Y[5]'UV<3D:<'&!)E7G2S:$@J
MK0

HT70TYMK+

$BU'/706D%KZG&'0HX6TMGZ2:+6S^VEQP.GLK/?
M(ZVYI/GHU

M$*\HU$KX



=*
MAXI82L5&
B_L/0CF*!_TD\#Y_ZYIR@T$'TK


MP;Q(RZ!(6KD43UES2
F=6%RI+!590XNU);

[4)VQHKS_;=


MIU





M\W 1=&YBY W.[K@!N\SL+R


_


_&D<M
DM77
M
J=$9]S1RM-/I0M))R4W/AU0!^1)N$V2V4AC&(V(#A\(A&U (V;I#V*0Z2

%9=BGY
QU%


MH!G@(/J?A[(90$
N'-&T^7




3^(/!

8

NPU7
J7^ 1$TW!#O$IG $@KHF4

UU^?L8&+WRGSD\!K;A:_:+1CL4*H5B/6V

]; *=I_FKG
M=7
Y
7E30*3C

M:4:33P6PO1T]84C8

@PG6Y3RM
;LAU;UC
M

C J

_AZ=Z@P
M(Y(DR&M)T()UO/CR7#D%W:^@(F^9HAY^!H$=24S=&L'P8C$OFE\74&]=X%/


M'$%MNI_ &*&=&:J/VJ71L;/D4(CB805+X[G3

S;:.\3H
M.3:\U7V)@K;DT.XZ-[-C54$PW^NH7 P(KF;Z:-P_BBX6!BC0E0LU+3/7F(T&
MTAY)@G@'UE7Z@/*::C
:4SOG.!.?UL[L^U6VOL4\XG\G'SALTX?[O)0R/U]+

)
M5XS
KD2XQJ])BL$-?)4ZO

M1%GZKBU^D+C49\E\






/FMH2^@,,W%LBP/U]




MR;_@A(O+3


+]%?

M[F3W?9#RQ\TZB_#!HB%7^\*&H41B\4R#(HR(1





08'W_=$M0U
-$?1J%@99M&'WR=GTM[EO6



LMQO#8^M%B&2]H93WL?&,]%\-X1L_
M2_
Q)4)SJ6O

O4@U8!+K7*_
MJP14O'H




ME8Q[3=SV


JNR-@T6+OOA$%01X01_% OWW76[9

!0$(3;^P#($EWE0E@



M#]8-I5??NOJ?\JHS0+Y^^\&;JW_G^J(KZML#M:ZS54Y4$#55
P2I*:HF\_^_
M'.D_L1PIXB$S\O&0/4N^T-&:7JG_*34VF]3WYQJ/8O16HX.ZOB_-]Q)OSL7-

MB)*.EF&N63RJ
HP.HS/G0C Q
Z' 0X/G^%!GMP?T(QND
 L62VGZQXIGQ
TB






B MI*





MC2


MV:HGY%-I BW.J=P5DMM2L.!%'_;_0YV?'/(-VM7/=K$S2&D')IYOI.9P:(

MKHORDUY]^B
Z.:YSE[&V$DRU10AY+M'

MU)

;4Z;/E8U[ZV6BF#=)!ZD*%Q_-UU[ETEX$3=@-]IM2
MIR9_#Y&\G*^(]Z?CI*AEY(V1P\]Y!A<PQPQ\GR%8462;69C X=HJ68TZ]4X.
MDLXHEXX%9-#]ZBHP4$WS8FK8FPD%G@H8.6H8MX]\Q.I;8Q7+J?T.(?;:8A*



M^ )W@6IGR1N82MB!MB+A
9[1\3
J;1'^$2&PQMZHNRV]5\;E'A/]XI=]61FK




M


M$4HX:HKGS[N+B)9NO6+.I60KJ[QE4/DSC*\AC0N^XZ!/-@R0371/VNO:XQ1(
ME*(UH7!6ZGKU8!33?I@W&=8_AKF[:Y:-IN ++OC=86AUDVY)HW7FVW86

KYO.6V7\Z@9&Y2


_!*Q$






@RW32#

:TH2OG

\[]LVS@H'+F





7




M_9EZU(




M(IQ!97*;:'=1A;/#8VR)F4.M4'


M-MYGM771AYL.\R9'7K4&(QED7/7! JNED:N
IXEB
(A[U;)LZA)#;K)M[X&X


M%5IK&2/BKO$E)-'VX

D0P&WC/@2W2C)8.



M6



/83PAMJ+%76D,\4=OF!@)V-X(^+&A0\
MN_;R-RP,V\X'@<7U:8)WC=C3<A'L,\?G%J&







D/Z:*WY
$Q__A2*

[\R5R-^HIC5
M#OYHFU3
EXTI?@S;QOI4A.+_
MFE3R.\&_,R]<-OK!NT-(62DGFY!-!@X:+D(E &(8EBJWA5<







M!=S/5@*];[6U8AQD=(=U\JZ
MS*&FSLJ%VP!$29&0PCAPA@-A%6\-S@718LY

5;?P
M?YUUR-8*C[


9F[:X!2*.0I24IK/C%/*-:L7S'
ML#*RF[!,\S(3-J=37P7#6M-L:-.\S[E9B,Y';L:(!I5,S0G_AYNWY*C
@\U

M%#6K8/ 49&;R*/G?V^VGD_?;3]B^B)8UY+*2/\/M@@DBW#/TRM#XP2SMJ'UE
THBF*OZ0DSM6Z\PD000

QU?



M9;PG\P7'8C2_-*HZ[FE6?@ES%#V:Q^@_%+?CGC$1D/7T32%G1 608IX@7#




&9LQ

M$=1)R!$(Y:35N&#IISH!V?2@1FR_%7TA33.
+JO3-JAT6B[6BQ@ 4X=&+T

Z
NS%Q1=#PH82

(N3D




R
2Z\I@432RQLV7BN0C

2Q
.R


MCTK)X=_7'S[^I]7?XQKWL[KKTSJC.[RVE;^145\:[2W ;N_!#$()=CT8


M&QR-(;#$6^YOKS'4ZRO*T\4@%63





M=6*



O=\CAYI:@11!/5*G(J5I%G
C$PSU=T]YC6O$X*7F741-/E1\
MKN^3

.
M.5E'CZT6F:)U%$RW%99GNI(!



^*):M6728]FL7A68* !*?]3GJQSCA'!S





 KWL@[/X


MQ52VD;BMTFY.


M(QP#1:E7*1$DC





]*A#-;S)B8IM$*M#Q04%CB





S(;8P*TD5/5XCXTK++9  QYU#!
MLSC')#Z%0Z

LB-AF.%/#$U6.N0W


M2N*48'2&PBG!/WH-59EA(
OND).:Q*3O 'HZ?#^N%HKG17/C&L/P.^2EW]



<K&&?K*3;O;WHEE 7';_X;X
MEGRR- V7P0* &3-DH;]:PP;R[,6K1Z]?F?=_+UX_.GLMJWF]X:B41\D+Y3'
MY7]SZ82)4KH$[EXO!!31
P3(9/$_%:#53V#0! +&5_LB'%1\&G)$_(2HT)^
MM2;D(?SUS6;]87^'?\DNX_F9DG;*ZB3KLZK*^Q-,'SK;7-*_O^(QPG0GP88A
M0OLP,_?5-KE]M$[^@K=G.TSN!4X&-A$]VTDISX_:?*JSJJ6WO3U#A-;^'^H
MKJP;6)/[!.]#X


M-


2\DZRGKS%3:RD^

M.]@


@/IYJ5)

2_J!
K


M&U&5XHPZ_2TXHQPG):'2G:O+5([+5@*. Q9=H[\P502SGOL\78.V@-H2)3


LOZ[].D7Z.V8J1C(!CU2QB!MXI+X8AN X RZ.

ME

//5JL52-G886TQ/[!C6*


)'W0+

EG84G?

M(%O










MKCFWRK!8642O$Q/+=_?DBR686;O!B1U+9SJL(F]]'HZ\\;K\/ L#I@M:U+38





Y! 5-L7I1\
GD9H%5U).2!B)(/C.3+3P


MR.#








U8NI2J)4)8RX
M./Q^F:H4#U*5XCJ4CQ458J'JDKQ0%4I#J$JX4JB56
M#G\?IFJE ]2E?(P

W#_&BO5W-^OBT&;YK!=U2GWF]3;
:L]B
MN;H)R3@'R.N*Y




=@\6)\@L?+Z&9.G#CSCVK!B]N/!*?VX^(
7K]7KY<$ZZ;M0%HU61/RN(J<77/$5&D8DLK



]VS#\&E(5_PTV.V'#TN<A<W%<4I70^[

&F')T38







5#K[





M:R\VI2'


?(4G2FF75K#KOF-\C;:DY[6_8X
M7532E=3O:S
=T?3MH8
'!1E=-_UUU@



M_BFO\G\FGE[_/7+SK[(/_(*


X=.%S1EZ3I7GH[NB;W!0R4C/]
M8*?8!

ME_:)9Q6!# !D

M )F



0EQ03




VI Z/
M61V_(Z:#:$@A'ON XK\@Y2 ;4HG'K!(8&'AT'.$AFWC
-B&!P:$F])%)?&:3



M:6.^MS+%1!8*3CBRH9BWZD596U)

;PFXXL
M%#!;:(!)G_KUIMW4- .D859@L=Q7SHQAK?*2:R4
A?K/^=D]]_[!0362AD

VIR[]; (62@Z

MWW;K[!&R4

5$%HI'JPCUWU!

MA6)DH9A[@L%1S#Z[1#&1A6+NNA!L33H6BI&%8NZZ$

;^7

M):-9R+9F0NM;)0PFRA_8+_8*Q.
9&%DI//2YCIII]D+QXL$L5$%DJ8+72@






8N[']VP[J?'1?.V

M\X&L/);#^3D@?Q\(\/%.8#!7F@.!\HR@.E^4!)'BC/!\KR0&4^4)$'
BW(

4V0+;1FVT ;:-7VP#;1N^V ;B-7FX#=!N]W0;P



M=P2]HU[O'I'O=X1](X59DUHV$2O=P2]HU[O'I'O=X1](YZO1/HG?1Z)] [






M5D6155%D5119%45619%54615%%E+BJPE1=:2(FM)D;6DR%I29TILI8464N*
MK5%UHHB:T61M:+(6E%DK2BR5A19*XJL%476BB)K19&UILA:4V2M*;+6%%EK


4




M+W-H965T


M:&5E='

 0  .P2   8

M% 



  !D





@
M#+0!  #2 P  &0              @ &?

M=#$U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %*&&TV%Y5@ZM $  -(#   9


M4H8;311SU$ZU 0  T@

M='


M Q0    ( %*&&TW#0J(YM $  -(#   9                4T[  !X;]W


MT@


YX
M;6Q02P$% 

4



M A0#%     @ 4H8;33?[G_*W 0  T@
  !D              ( !&$H  'AL






O





BYX;6Q0













M:&5E=#0X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %*&&TUE :ZQO0$  -
#   9



4
M     !2AAM-L 8LHD  













4

4     !2AAM-W()(Z;\
 (  (@(   9              
!0  &0









M%     @ 4H8;33=SGE;
 0  -P0  !D              ( !=.$  'AL+W=O







M970X-BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !2AAM-*Q1ET H&  #)*0  &0



M             ( !6?







BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !2AAM-
M

M:&5E=#DS+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %*&&TT.FPK?) (  '(&   9

M  @ 4X8;30XL[YJI 0  FP

M:&5E='


&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 4X8;3;=Y@(
J


M.YX;6Q02P$% 

M&TVD8CD-=0

M+W-H965T


3 Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4


3 R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %.&&TWB2JY4[ $

3 S

3 T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %.&
M&TU'X$O-%9T  '1Z @ 4                =,: 0!X;]S:&%R9613=')I
M;F=S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %.&&TT (%.A2P(  %H+   -
M    1JX 0!X;]S='EL97


begin 644 0000057515-18-000020-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( %.&&TW1/-'2F0H ::)P 1    ;&%N8RTR,#$X,#8S,YX




MK1_^:@_N?_B]E?7__.$V[SW\\'LO_[/]K?'V[?.''G\BE%!Y*V^;7[\JAD2F



%G]H],ZB#PWR[&XIGO2/\/[XT?1&:TXRGP^OSGSZ&#AH_SYT<'T
MH^U57-WM#X!QY;[7F+1O^CH::RU_G'T;O%HO[7H0?A:_./_^_67F^9]]M8

=
M_NU-O_WPV($C_9B^YEG?-7O=0?9]\$



MX04S2U#U?H0J4D4\/3/+X!E+F(#4%5_Y\L[.QTZGUK_AF_M&GO4_#@?IZY(Q

J!+G



MG;DE:\#+#[WNS:#7_/-]M]D9)D_














M








MEV?G:-1V8H#EQ[Z
'-[.&N F:^;95;! ^;C7JP5JY7^]$O^A\9!=#=FG#GN^



MPYF^M


!3WFL-FX./^<VS09QR


M=T

U3JY



M')VC:QU]P3KZ7#GZ!8_[U=*7GAC93!96H[9Z^OW\$S)5$
(YUW\[8W 5J9@]


D2;\OO!

ML;IG



M6S'0

MR0LE-VF#243X1];(TU-SU][7P 9C1+R$D+.8V-

M9C%QL2Q7N?AE8QYE-8_.8J+FT9
58]0




MIK8R1ZG NB(K4_U*K=K*G+O(7)B5N7B1N5(K
Y?(_UQ


M4Z



M#.=ONFV/O4Z$&LT&YV;X==6^UL[8:P6XQ.756QG5JL+\X:J_WF*Z\TAJLC


M7?]^9HU8]1U2]7


NPN?7-=S5L[N&G&M2VMB*IS]K&

MKE2!1.U

[#7L;-R16F8L9!AY^7M^56K3+
MG-=WA3:VDH'?\0M]ZQ#P@@M]ZVP&F)]M [^6IHOKX._%N(K$^+:L[X\(:X=




MM'


U
+6+4%;*/8HY:R

SB
)4@O;



.$;?B]7;#G][BLAVDXYI]%^1/*BM
MY
%U4CE\H]NRC3^!A!#!SY
S-8O6TK!8&K;!WK7)PCEXI[4LU+)P+8[V=G:A





M



MDP%BMQ+!8Z=Q]\
+



MI(A6BA@4V!@!0G+X=7 U_WWV=]-7CW\NC


M9FHAU+_ATD-O?FAES?8#R!\\\R%.P6N9BAYC:3S#6#,I1AS*T9PZ-))XR^



MSK=!
QVDL


_N;L_!\
0+.1D1&CK'F. -EK[' C
FM\;:
M?_0ZPRXX]\]2NXFBTHXJ)KAE((M$-ZJ32$
U!4'WK38


M!YV6#[.63T+9_CI
'.]_J!?5E3R-S:CJ.@46,BJ$(51H$2MQ8XPT-X%K30Q
M\XI*2HQ'6FHE##L J58!R21S$J%@P:N57CCB6 $D)G$>2,6EWA[(Y]U[8)EV
M0*-2C@8.IH]XZZ0%U]NH@KK1^GD(,=:R!.$L -NMPJ!P03L0M4.T^M0J#T
MR1@\1AV>!X\IOC%TK6\9V/,^O!&^/X)&R PHAKP)@MRX ^7S(1O



M#NZS_$.OVVST[]U]&N.QD3::.9G3%I0HMA!G& IQ#V&$CQUH%VF)ZF\YF5*A
M&\.UCY.4%=*L+0!#[Y#77(M(K/(1+%9!(ZIE*32A3)[H)&6=-'
2;7&*/T$9

M=]*+8OO'Q[SWK?1L;;TI B6EAO0'LXXI9%2ENH$/#J0LF3(DQ(.CG%*DAV

8![\9!I4Y$&FIV61V4.F[/A1 LRY+;@0 61@.=O/:C#EX4;3B/[1
MOKL/W=8FV1H'(J)BL!)K%W7P')





MD0$KS*4O&5\LT;2*W@!A!7(_/HZ\IN[=2)S[G^&]%^?[YKZ7#[YD^8.#YP Y

MD%

M
D]DD?U2W+O]0/ZL8


W\%/#'*SG
MRV/M#-BX-6R.8NXB,;I]B,)HBB\UV'(4B&+  ;CP6+QT87&:5K^ OP.(T\?+
MP:GN/,5V%_Z]G6HG;GOYPRB+-YT]^DZ/GGA+L]:[4%_7(EF'GK#[L#<WF;-


(-
ML@IE_(@H^YSUL[3

M.RJ.A/G


@[8
MVW05H&( D96DR$$B[L52^A+\CK.:ODOHJZHBOP8H*BC3!J(S99$'%YD$22%2


M7KEL

M&U84



=)/H]




M'8DN
R7<




*0J!6:2I8SY:-![!!IZ1*+<]



M
KI1A+41 FN)F;2:!%X
J!0&E=N

UI91Q



BL







M_NS(N5H

&MQ_72T8JCC!
=)0

*Y%=.X


T^N-*I

Z6HH=H%SU18@!]YS
 LJM(PCL0)'DD@18U181X&Y
M85P4:UQM=*SLG8 Z+,GN(8]S4LRM7',,/K!1$UQG)93:A=(H?48824%K305

 )


M8ERR'I02L0PQ!SE1%;!W
JXUDB-!28B18P$ZP#%:%*F14

MQRIJ)2

3
.2QD.

IRM
QFQZ[^SQEXU^U4/S?ZQJ\428$%@&
M

M$S-)3H2)C:8$;


ME

M[.ZA\ ='[9^CJH*.Z;9BK]?J/_M2(#!?4R)QC:QJ+5&
P!N@MW3$'B$E)D5E
M4I2\/\SY/

KHHBF-H%DLA!L8:2[WC
M
59=




MRTSS.=^0;M0*=C?=NZS3;JZ]_B


 -R!G#B_EO)/!2M





^%7_^HPT Y
W[IU^R;UEGQCDMGGG??1P.^J
'\#K+RRRS
M$D

ME)?*4&JD;X!TN@;IRAE
70HWM$D[N6@$OPF0[D-T1I2KY
]'RZR*L+Q3# %C
M:68@IN

MCFF$(B=@=



M



;:C[

M\#JQ58MN24_%
]-\:\[S;SK-'/?/;\SZV+$#C7EA/!-8,P:FT0$4;&\=E
MNKP5#+3&!@=:#-_^SK6F+#(44DJM4)'#T(#(E3D97 L%[$2CL@F[';H8ZT;





R1XOBY&CG.&
XE@.
MSLY0JU50IXM.3H*
 F(P8ZBTOFBO$

M&8MPL3$QA)DBI#%6B*0K\;*U'%W1\O7HXCH46+J$U4@ $3-/C)@M()6@P+




EM=)'



:RF)&E20@N$T


MFA04(SZ@.%JSI:

MTTD;\IY['%Y68FQ-:0P8J5:P7(M 1CH8KJH%2D5IY=AO'LU) U$+T*^#6

+/:VN-(P.)1&@ HJL%H$^Q* 7@/Z
M&IXAH(VY@O]PZX+QDJ'@]1+_.

W)QO[=:PT=EB?OOR.F7BF9I







JKF8






MX*R^R*
A6R:W8$A6 QV?LW3=E:4F


8+B]2!OAL!


M+.]30AIC:3CVH#I\L1Z.L4,I;A,HN6GWP[. QUV%:FQP(R\V0)CHXQ&J:N
MK(3W)7/)T1+O];B'7;VW:AV%G4Q53\#B




M[

D^)LEN%#Y5M.4I;TPL#MD7 +(SO*O0S*E6)%)JM#;(



MC8#_E8I[QEUA@S2(8REQC 55)==H;T@X'G*/P9I1@'4


]AR2?1P==O5NVX-CCX&IUM)08BD)(CH5IUMA8EFP



M*%9R
U/4L XGRPZY-]QL)SMS/]7K#_+B [^T;\$V](=YRK&M6R(


SRY3C;EF?QOL=S H7H%DD;A2NSEZ5_&!0B;
M+E
\6.Y.

M+;F0PDZZ%!=T8F!


:GU2W=SBR1=4J#78VP4!1\+J@5AR&JN8

M^6A%F@3+#$



'6




1!&


M WCN*P_F#EM*+/+&
<$F(VY37]/M:/8(!:R 4$P0SCQFBO+)?8+!ONP)JO+0LYIZ
MIS)+RC(=-*7@1Z 8/ 5?L(ANL.EC/)%T^U@JDWB8(SGN/G.=6%CV.F'!3
M[BT_9Q%Y7B@?A]W6.1LCS




MV*^];O;T:R/_


MA:
$622L4U2K

MT


M1EN1TYZ=3[TT';_9Z-P

MS%A%+H


M86V;7%E+:!1.LB=CVEW=I%L5Z$TE(.OG4A4T^YH;9M2\NBUD12$1S8UEAL



Y
1#B* 18]1
])HI.[ UW:IACS36C(DHB4?

2&BS%+)VW;
M])0SCKQ0!$(FYJ+1ONA20F[!9M-S%I&+:-MDS(/'8)F42&/'@@J3S#DRHM3-



J

?)*@3K+R77=J*^S6B=UB+8
M5)YJP8NFV!1:3 =5RD.?N1:[M


+J1AGWC+LO8$&8P)F\P70.74'J5G
MG$B_N
9-IR7!C D1C#(VE3J@HKJ!0+!U55)WN



8





MHM+5







M;[2[O_3Z?3_
OO1NLL&@

M)9G.%(?@! U






AJ/?.1





M[(



NC2 Z!@K6&1O#



M%+0=^LQK3(
Q.L:H!&@VK9/F


M)2E\

 3.J!%P(YKABQ(=*BWTX&SY;#*PX&[RIYLV E
MHI+$*$!PT-Q*7LB;\?/IH1G\'HP?5LJ;$ P[+2-X#MPR3YPO\(MU6(%?K X&

_B7Z8*D

MK 1G
U\JIG&Q$+^HJF%^!

MBTL




M4




MMI:$%/_&@?5[ Z:?UBCX=WE

S:MVI'?)2
^C



N+[#S?33TVS


M200)Q#F


M(80383:$QI?'YG9-3DIJD:3D7C&C'68\JKQ9&FK[BH-+-O?
 ![+YK+29R?7

.TC0(ZG76Z@7W'@;D:!<650C!);'E@L4W57;JZT/9[Z7^ZZ9!\:5O)\
MT/L/S62^/




X%N*-!0L)#:&4'K

/:MA#@A&]Q/D$CQU_4?Z
MO_:^&VSRVW =_KB.V# 1E \8WW\Q=Z8E4$,X%5BJ3JZ]Q@&GUI2AVL: %=@
M%0?)D\K+NC0K3;/&ZLKK4B[HLY#;9QL'I-()KH


QB%).
XL3PW2!$9


JIEG#4\@U*T

7NX


M6@%Q


Y-*%U()HWXX
MQTR:/BS5(Q]9+/ATB2F7+#$! W '?'
%-!W9R19OB0_7]G\TES-FI[+DA25
MDECC(Y/2)1HQ
2OC[I[Y9VLJEER_'\W^5?/
A?:2Y%AN0/+^VQYR4&352?

MG3!F;\8O36S;'

%\/GJ^^8
9^9T+K&=PM(

V)FEDI*&4%:B@




3W+]VAK^ .& *5:]

)LG&@FHE)33'E$!%24DH-0S#594(G-=\GBW3UMI;J5QD:$9=%H?2
M13-,ZB*'G]]\GC&-)GFR/!+O8O*2Q53DQW.ZNVCB[^3Q;BDR#B1I31REU
O;O3NP0A[&;G
MT< [()1X%TR&#]$9Q.LA3 91B0$XV3GGO@0I[/3NI2.&@1&M/%X%H1SGMCP^
M.Q8J7T?9SH_/CQ3!MFH)6G0M/'@CDB-:&_ /:V28XJJ.PR2=D8;3TKWV2T\







M)!#F 1U



PQAT%4


!8M#7-&HTW-?8T)\RR
-77BVJ+MJ8RO[N+'G921NX7A SPP






M40'H-)P$)ARUMAE,1^HKA\WG=[FPXC:JNF.\!1$Q+!1YZ8T'E1'HAR7M9!

0#$N#M1






J4]









%QM

MSCYA!%?&^S8C@FT!M546 W?*\Y[9@'_4+7J)#%!ERTPQZ+1E;R;E4(*W.E@1
MP$$DD4*RP1N9?(E_!88']6









M:L:DPFQ#VV0E9;F@\= (R^KV1 Y@GE!*ZCF;14L#^ R1'R!XP0'%7=JY8XRU
MGR2=O.Z297UQ9C$9%P(0Z92


M;!;QBO+@B908).HH:=3MS)OB-8+#
Y'RQ1E$9@1PPT%$&R

M/1L=$T(XFS=


M;NN(\V2%=U8FE7
2;2@OF%92&7





MLH

!$N\
MR-OP3+!*4%):QFV JHWCI922BM/Q= =G^$CE

MS1ORP&

*V;SP(3&B##MA;X9B)
MZ&'+#:/.5U

\(;[@G&B3#V-

DNPXEWM@T8.-.E@G
M

MXPR$52$O


M=C2E(
,@ZD\GC[
M[-9<, ?(1BW9Y7C(B@9K%=@?

L5FTRH5VZ0=)





M;0BE=J?P
 9_GQ[ GLX[G RG-.]TY5%[9@LN=JQ\N%\0U&8U?Z#F#NS;MF



\V#\E[0Z&@UKI$65V]WGKGMI%V-(X&&VJ($QQ
M9H$93&'\J7DJT(/RL=3
S04'5




MN2!3D[M*P;[T;4WRHI*.Q(CIN3$DCSSY=K$P@RH)

_W!5<W7P#GG8SL9S


6FRM=&4KB[PNHJ[_R12&]SPPYS%0LB2LFDP




M&T8E%]IC5IH*2( EM*HL+IO-+T-4RY^^^[KE)+:]_J_;^2)7^])L^M[^[+^_
MGPM]6'S;B\1W-^L]G6TT%8=[U9SH




0['3
7G55B.AFW!#R
[)BR/

6Y@90KN.UB62^K&L)+KKO/79^5N ;NK!3:*I$GPC!P
ML\'[)$HC$I-]& B\KT3WO
2UW!)\R%4

?I):HTTD$ 2);-F+]5!A33T-_)_S
M&0P:0P;*)Y#Y_21(14 5A).D4FT
F: ]#QF?E;#.KK S6B# /$C3)>E%@
M91T86G>J?M:',./E!
XH
MWA=C
EP
_;S2*




SHG

MKJM3Q/E_R@
\V




M=

MP@ZI)J5T9EF5;##2-_BZ%^6S)NL1?O)0)3$RF*32S1Y
E8UHX&^1TF]'IH


0P-%7K'=
SZ5737,]S_+.\3\?8G8<ZGZS4RI+@,J_*MFLJ:*AS0B5(A^&]Z#LJ:X,X
M3($P$ZD&$YYKX

M(-J9?3H.:Z^;#\LUH_/E8MNR

2V[QO/4# Q-$GDF0UY!)804@G@,
M\8K9D[+'^E/2]8*'</#SVS#.N_0FU_-'Z0]2FP03CD6M\UX:Q%0A1
UNHTA


8C!::A %^R$*MP$'6IGZ=]*3T-MT
N
M$M
/D)II20

JM 1=Z&EI(5NHWE
M3*V[_39\%]J.Q]/@D#%DKWCG&+.,\,PHBN[G7OV('.@TEP 6X,80EI$&G@


4
-?7I85


2V9^

MWX;/W1+MA;
-OBWU\NBW:O1[.?9TD-<
M_^?HYK9YU=Q51;9+J[@4GWM^?GZ[_*K6WR[_UN.O_SC-#Q/KO[$6V/INY2@P
MN6#




C
M!4HO3 H'FJ*$FHKI(0?%

5.RA?8#J

X(Y$LF-M[+$]C)(=B*REUY@6-BM4:22&I/RKF,,DCVD
MMGSHG(C=TL+/^;C;R;CF__X:C&[;;YZ\9?'4*+7*/$Q=UAPZ3####J)D$3I
M^236=Q^EARCY


A=SX0*9+6+GKD57+#A*SW_IFC
*9/=5 Z0A L0?8'
M2OG\Z-$.

3BAVDXFE:I&H#5R=R;K:-P
/
@(:VR
WAN7H1^8


9J:4JQ<;4HQ-NR_S






U5T\W0CZHVN<%1
M@DZ1$*-D'F_F8#V@K%76+=[([?K@1)/*I\TF_YW
W&S9G0]?VB^.J6$J+(F
M!L?1@XK@DP=&;990PEM&**\UB(-1^E(D=*)KE22!W':B!6;R1%/I?9EW]*3'
MV@BBS!DL\6:AX(_
QK]EY!QT4 ]7+(P_/$*'=I*4!^%];D-A#%.[2-'9%E\;
M4L\21
ID!QKBS)+ZY5US\Q;9QXAJU1;YV?1V

2E))8YDFGF-(K@ 3

MF-SI$'
$7)H9H52(5=F


I+BG323SQ$&WB@@9*:8QJ
M!;+5DAY\02I.9'LO



V%=JM$_*7HY?HJ

LH%33[$JN]H
B?#Y9@
M3@?5(4I!3U-7U .9#J
80Y+@P+M(;+2F[4 WX.M+:;2A\B1T;LUT: ;^RV ?
MUAHD#WTSE!Y?A?]=C_





ET^_(R':LTT1Q$47(WLAB9.'1V.=7
MU^7G 4G1IS(1EUFIN-!:FW0-@-7Z






'O]?CS)T/ZCQ?CC

::\3


W%)B949!@8
MTZ+]PHBJ14

MO$!O)(W5%BCQ/

AGR&XFJ]?893^? !U6R\_.VOQ[^]6\Q_L:]_

]=^\&TU^





-]C5%J-%T83EJ)!;\@MYS*4!CND^^IM'86 )Y-
M&!=R OK8)\#$T9R1@U0Z6BPK+3!HAU


J[R





!C%E^.^7S'+(]^


=LSKZ





M*%1?3N=DSZ7K.(7 E4\66



M4GH)U:FD)^4 B)1^TPW0G]
!_.?T!K\F;PAZB.4(3G0Q0O*'&H]IJ*TNEA
MY9K+:(^ $7WJ(UB7RI

M]A3&*'IG0P!A@0;J


M]Q5L@KQ4]X\/X]GR2T_XF+L)OE$G[10%
#;HQ%4&EBMEIQ2A[QQ.?@P;Q7/B


OIW7R%O1-=LV:*+B@

MCA




M.T@

MU=

M+G)-50FOA0Y!:B8\E!IP/]Y+@ITJI=. 9Y@Q[& 4HJY400!0L@)%8]MG 



];(E
^HR@!


8*GJI\/!:
SW9_. L9BT*ECX-R+@#:'1ETX!5ISFDV-X3W/K(_B5&\Q-=I'
M[8S.,3-1V<'S4,(:KQE4Y5J,0O4)#R[J0E)BIBX!:\A&1-<1E=^J.
+J*[:
M2Q3&L2/K_?D^GJEATD?+?: I8&K$E$ZR9%#$I#J#HH:=0C-/:VIXC!HC]P#2


MW/;!4NH) 3!Y(6WH(@WQ3Y[U#6NG78PNS!

\?
MXG*76V &^X%.(9
G?@\7!A+F*D81C))2$\+^^]R?9-DYM'RV3S/LW-69_U
M$14Z4.V22UH'UU8


D

M67

G!;/N9C=0



S&#?[*X36
MCAHIM0G)
8F)O:8/$




FAZU_

M:#D
: %W&-
G'L#PW#WGG6OA(H3RE1QVUONSR.%8$: @@4FODN'@?







_=


M07F%^1)CB?BR5\I8W1
IZTYW_^Y\Y*'%;^Y3XC#.@X*_WBZQZJ;H^SZ]09K=

MQ:]\^7;T?GSSZ9LWX_?-_




MXXM/S0BUH




+IZ

M))F4R7]\A?'P#(6[_#
MG_W+XKK]XZSW&^ZIOR-)\?_Q[=H7M;^@]TN[/T\?

_


MS_]41W
'@P)J;^3I1'9ZA?I?9Y/7G]BO_JD

MQ=5-

MO^W6F!3Q!@$&R2-;_^G=
-D* (2B35(!ODJ9K%(ME ]^FSKV$@WKR;GW
[



M@^(

MF2%AW&O8Y=%P1;DNM]-EMM A51

?]YKS:X!*[,1Z5=_9/P29\I!(PGTFV3%:,
M#DK I 3,#9;7.X.R5H<GMR\ESI';E_(W+XU<' 


]RFYZ%CS=9J=R !F &UK2G2@N8)!CR7AL
M(\937-?MMXC/[




M10ZJMV
.29DF9^Z5BT!*XGR^*4'7L@?5M_$U #TH@=QD1^VQ
2/B/2OK.@.K



9
M*%8W&LQK&B2HA4SRXS2
M
HN)O%
4E=
&'L=J]K:9$G':[BORE).GG#SENWK*:5@F\1GB
\1G*A[*:X'1


V
M_.#JXFIX;:N(G-.[Z)]WCRLBET
. +


M1(QGU1M-T77B
\1GB

ZR!Q5]Y
M==PVM+035+N#^,8_O+A?+1&W9F_+\T/KOC?/9_7T3B1;+VZ3.\_.OC3 R_

M]^74=+VU@E)(I)$&K7$B'
'L^F$9:$:H1J1X=J6Z?E4'[%NC)C['Z4]V:Z
MYSYV1=J;&]T







E

7?3MGGUU=9V/_CN_LL_M
MXXJH?0C8O+L)/'+W(Z[/
C2MI]5?]8N#Y+MXW5M:=57LAN('@2[0^*8^PE*







MQ 9.F@W83J-)


#6!S3@%
J

M$^SH@_&4]*.!HY\$K2G2ZFH+

MC#


%3.N6$<[&0%OZ^XM@JAN%5JP0

MI]?7Y_4U:=BZ7F5Z;4M 

4Y7!]
C
MPKC



M??$7H2FAZ4ZSP+4UA'4-!-P=47-=J-;?:\'PDWS9VDNV
WFB353V-1$\%
MZ+YC.W6!-*'HB:'H#SO@:,W&VN_)!:*])2I1LBGP.816TVF?_6W^HV!]NDL







)^RT-E-*6DWV((!MSN=A8!Q+!R_W_EX&]S9




K5\ZKF]SGZ3:4N_ H^%?N[[6
MR_?[^IK





$X


M@N\*1U
PC&RK&DBYDZ!6N:YE.2U]K7!/G3A?:YOUZRX_OX8)]QE?39^N!L5:
M@&*C

5

MMZBP3]C#Y$;YF&K9U&UUY'AL12Q5K!8 .@7+4KZQ6E(56 ;A_9ASVKV:]^
M8ICIB$7Q
Y.]85305A77
H$Q*3[4L9J.-L75^
O7Z/4ZR4S-/\/HFXABZ;#*



RQJ(LJ.@MHRX





M'O[*P=Y+L\%'\AIB0*Z+
$X^@Y+J/EY]QV14
7KRY08#P:^'W=ZE?771'U[W







C@7 (Q!V7N[H-

MDM[$=Q?Y!U)1(-@CZ(F !B#?\&%(&.@/0A?1&!A!Y(4I$ EWYWW4
N8Q0YCE

MJ$@VRPBAR=2!GX.T! /(X9%D$!1XO#J0!N$MX#D\H_19Z2LW)@G'-0+B O



$$:VBE6:V


M^+1IP2Z&[4E
4RG7O17+[3NV4[TOQ12DJ5HHDS.):*Y8ADB$181%A%5!ZCO-
M!:M.@SRN&._-
KH:I!)TT30$RV8\K5R/W-JE[M7<Y_'K6
M0%^'L]UA: !^D0?*Y$#LR;$[XF[;@ZMO-=L5Z6O$S(B9$3
C9K;/?#;2S/;=

J4&NUUP'*8Q#$97TYD?/@IQ+@(Q]I+//@]B.??]ZX0'-Q


/'@\NYF%01SB/*I20.@[]4HS
MF*:^0\MU?PH6SP\SQHE7H^Q$;O%$


M;^3QR!
QFW&D8&\F;6KXS73I?E1T
)GPA




M 


 /;6^8EY8\;7_ )(()P5
MMHK?97O%W5GR7VDP3B6!AK=P30K#\OBV/$.VY]LP@I/ @? +N++LWM?L3=[=
MV];SVW




MF ^ 1]P;Z1%M/]B]1I/!SWQ


O
M!C






1RT9

'D:9XH.;-HLG





/[SY_)-PBW*(N (19-<*LC1L%$&819FWA8E#I
M9QNX//?G&Y898.],V,R'14(;D1]%0J@!%:%:'5&-M%/+-).ZX)9IF'3 ;73

(Q)$21
1=HP^*9S:O)#L-6D.2]O<.<VAFZ<Y.)6D.1AT






3*R


=;YP%L@V+/


5]W]13N)J^G

E$L&T:H8OOH!LA/#L_8E4Z






9JCH7(_C%B/V//%!LL4\3+Y36


TP73;D4P!=+Q B_QN.\_
L1XE0]2

15



M

&N5I!)Y4\$BGLB7YK^R&!_].\5L!CC'U#M3FT'Z4LN\J$!V





C
M

SSN&/+V+\RYOK2_1T_6_[7U\OWS!O!!]P


?'GJO(A*UG#%\&DD+MPZ*;I*R\V*0;<BECV(2EZD^
M0'=4)/G%R_^=A&)D9?@OS8@]*X]; [;U^?MRUY[<'W=[7<&G9S0[?-6YP0)
M78*/(?SJ0:W77L #U^

5Q


;J[L




$/E#
-A^?D$P*? 9.#[0*7#.1.J$? EN[




!R;;EE)*





M K
?LMC#QA6.E,CG:;\NS=-IV@O:#G8#W:G65'+(QRJDSEG$J!D2S'B
MN9<)SR.^SZ1/:#%F21V:WP.+S*MR4=?6<E3'Z51TU-Q=!EM-P7X319CMF*A







MCN.C

/' ]QN7Q@
U_@B]05HV)D)A/7OJK\G-]CUCZN<&]_9NW@
MC





L/ WS-[YGLNMGAGUY



M^.;+H7+F+*Y8:FE*T\N4S_S2YV]248[T-%I']@H%?ZX# (_T1OW=:[L\9K


MG&8P((UF!Q-MUV89VP8TEX*A\Q]]&A?;9WQ1II&TDQ8--C[S1UD#L$ULM.WT



58:KB%55ZDE74J^3-9VLZG6:S




M(C/U8B_!*D59C)@CW#)&7I0]Q$
_\!B;@FBBJ/9$HRUQ'.=-\7Z8_YK5

H%7[G[\\+$MS% &P\-F!Z


+-A'8#P.;
MZ%QC-I$!3*0*3(7C@@V%IXL#)&5(XAPR '5&<KW+:^@<V%VE.\ +@)'.M





M%+LX/I](LVO@9(]PKSUS-@A)C0

MQM*&71#O)4=[G?SIY9XNI]'29N*NHD0];)MRR/Q(%O'^(U=U(BAE'39:VH*_




M)*OL^1@UU2YOPYO)!4(ND(VE7:.MS;HBVB+:(MHJTE976V[5T=/61C
[]K:Q



N]&@Z[_


UIVGWB--49WL=EXGUM1 -.B23


.?H*7@VX:7+DUE0C
05W3HTIR'4]?8VE3;E'X@'$ X@';)4IUM+7




MN==M?CFX#_I8:4)76.B(:.)/^8$8&4D)0S6GR



M2TJ6=.D6Z-*C




M1':SU] WQIQX$?&BP_&B.EGB3J/3)F2K
;(9P




M SM(AO]''FN((A(MD'^GU

9P&
7P14^X%+^';H79W 9]&
2.\D+K)WC<Y$0I#*)1$$<)IZY8[A*6)&(@8-,0Y
MC2'36(O)$Y?*TZ-:QN0D:3


RA*:'I3@/4]97+$VH:;BZHF:[T=77%I9PTTC U14W?]C3


M@I5M.PV-TQG

 Q
\0B@2^M4#_4 
MQL]?=W)S0$D
M86 ]





X51:F$4-6-IWY
MX:
0;.0!5B9A!LP&J01-P#A
Z^C@%QDPGS0SRDB*;

MSVHFY4X






MWR1PJ]4]'&UF@GWC^NVCA3N;




%
% (D-D!LX*390--I]$D;6&]N4!'[8AW6VJW4
M[


\*D$^ZA\C+)YJ&1,(XP
M[C0P[M3SB*A$=JO!7+H8F2G7C^LH/+X?OGQ,Y'7:9N?2=1 U%![:B#90.Z-
MS0!+];&O5L2H=.19\/0ZU0\G
@ W]B*T#6)*QDGSD^)$Q'A6UA&?(3Y#?(;X
M3.6V58OX3'5FUW%95U09:Y)]51

C
[**O 50..

)B%8D\K@


.R60



MK4Y3FVY@





*QG9S^T&\[BP/!SWPL#
M+4]&K2P-(N&&=P%\@UG2JS-U5=D6?%E6M95,0+][@,/KMC\00SE$^/L(4LL
M/N







+_DZU%



:UY


M?_)(N)$0
1BWX2431))EQ'H-
6PK9UX0#D4Y@A4GLLYD(9OB;:3(57_0.;^Z






MRY)8

/'/'LK.-]G/:Z8!$6$181%A$




M#2@0#9;:4JB6






65;WU?W/3U]]

M_/*R=;77R=XTN(P&EYUL C -+C
@A9=V?RJ[KTELW#B3Y.3[W]'@
F-1\J33
MK
MQM/8=[PR$9HV[W!D(S1IWMC
*FM3-CKK9&1-*K3H25?.
YG+P4(JS&4$D
MDX%&A$6$181%A&4&8=&0):(IHBFBJ0/25$V=IN8
 J*A200K@A7!JBZPJBG#
M-P?!3C5P2X/+#$9*


M9P;Q


4P ]+8\F-VTV(-@

ZEC_[#@+'4:[_*@QLX<[&G8? /^?;*A=SV1]W[OE0'0+?MLU30
MFN%/1[


M[BSOURB
8^;R*'I$$U2ZZ ^I?A@ EW*]3%M


)OAU&W+:6H;?&3 99,!9X!<KRFC.$F^0&R XL04
M)SYT+*E<.K_M6TY?WSB94PLOE0.5(L44*3Y(I+AG 1)F%\#0XH5;PHIBA6;
MY24XDG!-.90ZUL!I[PM2!N *.1D

.*#VKV=;FHS@5+D-QXG5U


#R[;5[3O[

VBM(80#GF\Y$(MCP+A)B*H(D9F]K

@66MX!3]_T$ -NFDP^ R1^3;G$23(%X@$4
M5*:@LHE!Y7:'HE 44JZ=9DTO1I2=@9[Z\AX=*1
 64**-?8-W DD9UR*+5:
M5*=

]5UT:A]-_AHFW&?!GG2D%F#8*$QO


B\(.'!G8?8PN-8)+'%
,6]8%?J
M%?@,'L/SX%T^,.X8UPL.#PW'#-[*,$\Q9@)./6*_I8%8<.%6\_W.H%T'N<*:
M)=[;? )^_+OXT",IMQ?NC$;?S-_L,0TY@)@LM_\\J;Y1OX-9.3F?Y?<V5=O
M*F+V43RP+^&4KTBT!V^43.?<*:




7;=4$I(?43@_I=K4U


IZP



MR/B.R^
)&\MJ::#;Q8
5P^T[=N_G!4 R9@!L%0!26(F; (:I..D$N%X8(4Q@
M8W'JXR9SQ@&OR*J[)4QO@:G.&2ON
MO4E$??1*(X'882[8.X!UYF*X32X M
MW5212]U% IX66?B+XFH4.X4P 5/PI^ E/$Q28EL!4$1?D[,C-X28S#(%/



GC5CB: @X#Z(B:


MRW$L]: '+YG *Q@834[J-

HK]C8.F%CTR6_ZRWV!_A$#30&9 7H^2!EGV

M\5SY.9L*CD) BJ9

!H8O
\F9XCI\M


:Y+8R *VB-N9*UH.+\+BW/
7OYG?7LC.A





M$37YYRT/

MZD=WA:
IN%:U


M$$G

MVX'EM YO5:TB:3VB2N5 _8D\) :)T9.@;I6V;K4ZY+XD]R41IX'$^;;7/CQM

LUW]:XE6S/*%RC4Y?#^Q-P69X9E$Y
MF%I]J]^OB
N5P

7=ZYKC^V*]HAH*]N8XF:QDXJ%B)E=

:WLURBI




M[R^7V)VQ=?6 9(IMIQPV]47-R!-);A)RDY;A#R11&)$8L=8J?NB;RZ^?29









9 FIH!2;2XAM'\&AJ\U]%F_^^




1VK+Z]MZD:%U)T R#MM^NNQ3]N+;A=C48



M=[2]2!-:RLG8?.6 \S#GP#V.S[S #9=B:@H7 T^VWN(H9+ OAFN4A9_[7A@H

:Q:P7(*R?SN1H&]DSXDJ.J6'3;(1
HN9%GH^:
5CEB(+S

M.O&K9PG+(V)Q;RL#4;&#[CC+O+15$^@@V+& ^29ZI%3#E[D@R7]2FWA2U38
M]9*E:S8,WX-G#(M)1.G!I
N#5W2[/)FK[Y1+T_CMFA
$HW;(CZJD8]VVX[$




#Q1''[
'#KY8X\OE-THOCHQ(K.;\T+
MN\:\!*!O[

M

L//(SPQ!;9*7A60($SD@3S^5!ZEPD^8/*+$P(;V
MXJ/?@3Q[#%


9Y0X.NW1\)W#!R+SC]UX0H'4%C@VF
M4U*
CLXFE9''-


M




M^8^A#ICIVYK\F!LU)*40QU5/E_UZP3L;^%=S*XB+K=DKNTBL('3TQ*%TPP
MRWM=
=@0-Y4GR4X

Q]6;/4



 W<9[%X'
@.
.

$V@._F/(I0B.!3)XXYEB.@^BM7
M4
6Z34NUQCYP@P!SVF02()'P,P7!$'D2^K.I#D






OVP0.1T

M*HY4@/T2%)Y4:(*B]BP-
A%


M]AA&?R &P / '$


MG\5K)R%W!.$6=[@; E^E2SCC2]QS- #P?8%



00S);?QI=4MG%4P




1Y.6V& -T RIO &T5KP0M_/
M(I%WX+V =X2AIL4.84*]D%C1\6'A9[^Q?-78+VO72%1W-A%'@@VCYV30'U
M*'86=G[A@4!*S0JK*4Z%'?A3R/L





D6LP?7P\M*\LNQ;RQY=WU[=3'N9-WDY[(\:
M;HJ4Z*46G4I9

K.$'Q%2&







MY





8KR
VRW-G
XM-6:K#A?5VWSF/8ZX/K1K;)K$B0JW
M_9,(,$^+ '-[6+.![-B1F-'7R)GQ[ 00X_O4U)S1OM28VR;%#
BE;AW;HTX
M+S\.:MH; !H

VR']






L)EZVV*.7?Y#O1


M##VC0=9O(HUEAX5'T7]:MBZ#C2VW._3!?O;F.=FR.O_G6R!:68@PK#
+5TE6
M^?^X1@JX3G0+
;
63PW&6-'RI)\A+





G)VQF%8@5O]B#

6V.[*;4O86S=4#M_PN2K%+J6R.MJ\R #+EAHZ/ B IM\9<


3HBES

YI+$1Q;P*7NG^5




)5Y08X

RZE
VS.X0]D*&VHNQ=W/T



$_@+5?8_5:0;/UZ
W92X-9RA;UQ_RJ+?EIL (S^A^2S<



&(3:97



J68;#YOBY^K'_HZZ%XA

'+[
JN6(
5\5
MRR^BH%(?[0BKOA[G?'9*%ADO[#G=G+)H:DAY;02D=#]:QAD;O3/:\#[BF)_
MT-B.WF#4ZU]?7PW'E^/AM74]FN1#(]'-[9YTG22^N=YW@,LIM#E7?GL@E

M)'CAKI0?EO*GW^?!@EWCI
XIHXW-EZ^&/U:NFE?F%%-.W-D],;UM]G1G;&4
M%&(TJ A;.SU[.HS3A=NT0T=@$GBT


3




)9L\




P

2LA O=.= ;T_:)/9G2?
M=70LQAV\




9\E)KBP1*S

(!:7Q$?



F3

)SBY FGBAD4\UF'

M_-?+IAFN YEW_-X+\/ $1W75^)HI&3\QQ3?K.^.5$2WQQ
&A4A;'9\L]FK
MI^@L1=4H.DM\I%-TEMB&V&;--GN7%5-0_Y3AJ_J*D;2*:ZGTRU\E6=

M7AJ)IW8*H%NRF8FB/2%15!([(\DCR3N 3OT+=7TR.RYY73]*O?FVDC.N
;GY

MWJ?P+;XB_!Q_(F^9U6^%\[*Q*8H;X:/L87=/\CG
A2_NP^A)WB!QHGOX4'[E




+VOJ9;HLP$I9+CX+YZ7OJR3I\@!:2+21 JXE[)R
M]4ZOK+=:F%B-6*W9K'9PCC@E^^Y@PBLG7HB0%H:;'QP?P\K*E*R6)-SBPQK2


M!+#N(SPJ;%Y?]]ON6F%9S;ETO #GU&*1:U:)&P;W(2PPG]R)N5I%L_:(WSF^

<==)<6:N


[MGL$
*BAK/=6IC
M)N(Y


=$-E_K8%CSD?4I$OL-
MVZ:F$B?01BW3UAT2D1H





-@:3

M=#4T\NQKK2$

M)A$C$2

X[TR]E)DC8S)0-FSI
M-?+HPBT4(-1(8[5-I.JP#4FN2*Y(KDBN2*Y(KL@$U$&D:CL1&S?=%3MH4MUA
M[&0#.\W]
[G;Q(W[:

P(S C


M


M#-B)BLZU!EQ;T4Q*;EU%B?



&KUM^$TE\@SWB:A




+A3_C
M%6X\_)T\AB WLP(X\,+BWF7FN_/PY^%\SB/YVA&'?\)/.6ZY4UIJ]CH1[+X3
M ?57H/%@W9+'FP$=G[G/'V#;-WA4< F\U8J[6XT[!$#7HWQ.Z 9GWO($$)J




M*4#:#;=OK8S0HVRDWC1JJE!JKDU








X.=)
]&(U#43C


'^I]3?^X&]IP-=(:_?8

M\3Q5'':Y;9J=4Q1U]C'J#LDUW6M)L_0ZE



MPM(ZIR3J'':D\Z]CVC-:QMA2EZ.I


4]Z-:WY2#7M
LS02)?3P








NR0';(W5@K!<[I MVR%B9W:K]WI
=\F9P498L3G9(X^R0


XFJ?KWGWY

MFKML0F\P_LWEJT1D922+
.;



_9/4ARY/C^$YM'X5)-NI&Y?4IQS&TPDTC)C?J*UB/2?PRV
M=-P%['STM
FO@C7]5.Q

(+
M:K]$V.[05259+]@M0JGSK0 DD8FXIJ*$-;X):HBN $#@4/GP
]P&B8/QR_E^

M2B)9;.XM9I\&H.L\^= 7:Y[I!#R )4F#82F@=:9D%J=GFS5]^HEV]H_JO2
MN %-9*6!T

G F_3?[K-$P4^!G
\R4 _YY!3K4OKRN[?6N;M=#J]

M=%T.;L


A]M-7P@ID(*0@IRC;%
MT#!'RA+]-=AM0@ID**&FR*WAB00EGUH0:[34A!2$%(H9X*IF%9EC&QR/]0



MA4
GA 1&!$;'DF=L&Y.^LO%H.K


M'!X--IN @H@**&9&1[8-CJ)IEHL-N4BGQR4;KV_!2GB)0N)]XQ*[Y3(



MB@B*S@]%/9K52U!$4$10='XH.J@_/4$101%!$4%1+:E %Q.JZ=B7  V= YI'





M\Y 

CVYT\V;)MHZ^NR[PN6UFW2426
M#\% NV!@;$P&REPF7;:28(!@@&#@D#R7OM$?41D
P0#!0)=AP!H;?9J-3C!
M


^8%+%EP%HMI



M-/_]GWY





 _^[3R@
80JZM7@?

8+?+#RX
D(P




M]


S^#3?/-AN\?U@D!@\\\11#O.N_T]D]KAYVZ2Y
$W$Y;
&=(!N?
Q3R25)TYB5-^=(;)#,4X1+X8/TPP&0 <3!*9QQDY#\I
MK/J)P:ME$H=/+:Y:<,=/!.+GI'G-+MJU-T N0FC






/YAZ-E

4$RB3 O\LW#=A\S=Q;R..HQP\VSE



.XG0G3S/XOF1U5G'

I-YMRLU52PS*-

M77MQ$GEWZ:NQX!W&MO6*L?WF_D1GU]UC8S!2-LU)EVVO6T.3(FZGB(CK1L;(
MI'Z6Y&KO1]C?Q%F52'ZM0WJ44E$OS6

MCWZ_.-$?'#


MUS!Q1

!A;#.CV?;Z6




LWI'!MMZIY


CP=M!Y.KWC$E?63$%H9GJH-\QX;M7



MX1NV0D+*3LK;UC

T=L
[;[PA]LM?Q:ECJP














-@:3

HQ7V?^!T



X[TR]E)DC8S)0-FSI-?+HPBT4(-1(8[5-I.JP
M#4FN2*Y(KDBN2*Y(KL@$U$&D:CL1&S?=%3MH4MUA[&0#.\W]
[G;Q(W[:
!

P(
MS C

_?W5Y;/7/\]_X_OU[_*UO(

M2QJ/OG\=1RO1/'NE-U[^UNL/N_RP

M^Z/:Z:'+SNOE6-3J'KSHDJQO\S&X=


:6:/Q9&(.

M3073
&U;%24TV.N39#V1VFHE3G02%B0*CS '+/]B+LU'6CE*]-#]]S[CS?

/+16F ZVKQ2E@NY7U[B

MB9(DD9H(9(PY'M G1864.*SWG3CVYAX62*6BQ&FOFJF[IW5=U'$%3;T247:F


7JQ
MI7YLLF';
6S8B?&:.R)[QF1
O67(5=(IU;0-TB:NLPW;IF&V)S33&Z_?ILL0

6*C-H-]+CK)NO(4<1Z%R_UZR28ABWCBB#84L!_8@TRK2C:[]DJV








M9C




=%/EK6:C

;ATO^G^.

MA*43W7N!7*23)F'^@10T\4D-B0IC)8D*(_N\9^UG/NKOTLLW)-%@MQ9YZU%6
MS7/^:JA^?X62+U./

D-^UL[];DCK^F[
J

4[=BUDC^M-/8W9(VJ=:
;
MU6+'O7*(V@H[KUH]O;.,?E]=/<E;=FTA





<+:J&D4X</PG_'4AWN)


U#V(1'3.V3-5AQ

8
.?G-Y'&_DFU$8
M@PYOE)%'8=V#QJQ!\=2V&3#:<QOA3ODZVQH0SA#.$,X0SM2*,R,Z'C[Y5)0
M5'6Z8JBF5F.)&JSI:A5QUQ


1'-?)1

6!




1L@HAJ0ZSV

#+


NO%:W
J?P

ME(V]


M7M4VDS;C5*F:J#]0A$0C-=H)Z99IZX:MKE5VYR
D))PDG KI^&[4/[]L-E7/

ZRZ3H

M(]










</P8//$CR*M'


M
.Y0G98QZ/=.)9ZZ







MH;Y)XKI+%4\

M_LJ3:AWZ5 \'*IIBJG-91[5V.-V\TZ8//MAAFIA#8]RKR30YAHI-0TR*%&B:
M--PU?0X/8A;6!8ZAHS=@_]CK87U0V2V6LLR\[)+E[ 9]GDF$^^$TR7L#E)



D/#'M=?
M=J/+YK\5:MY:6--TPT?&_O!(EY*ACDV&

-^(OB#SK'




.S(;A*$$81UL)T
MX38M4$H?(+)

MN9M&U
'Q: _GG34Z63/EIB9



-)! @



MEH@9AZ?

M]
3F?




M4W=J1I%(I-0F(3)!2))!$C$6N+B'4]$GGSY;=/#)[E@=#.U@'(KOMZ.\U)

BQQ)% (6LS*=RS[K)-3H?]3PP
M6R?;F2@K:[S<.E%&R47)/9GDZBXNLC@J7VAP[IKR7E'5[4-A5X;7EQ7 2S7

0I]Z%TD$6\#
MZ/SI2QCP@'LT]B=?6?C@.BS:95C Q?!BU.M=#Z['5P.KTS\?6?T+.2S 'LG

C(:1;S*
M/W+A030DBY3TQ/7E-]*! ^-(L#9 %7
!K!L/88#''CYB=OKX\NWY.5QLL&!

-D(]VXJ.


M'6L-$C(I4_V^87;4G6XH4RA3*%
]8]0]6J.AILA455[)7IUS\5UMT%,/2(3
MI=%4]7PEZ*BSHU;DSY-E#_IR







M
(8P5B
8LT;PGZFLE3_V'.C\;UH6%KZ_9*??WZ?1._N*5U\^.K,V3QV.?I
ME1^[\=




M1#VD.JA0IK2B'M(&/62$\Y11#]D:7+KD'8%_E!4[HSI2
W7$L@VSASU1-B.#
M@O2';3(3RI





A2HR%(9*
A0&G39E*&AV.:9GE BT



M_3T


$6$=(\(*A;)U(:1RDF(\&./!
M)XD'VUU

Y&(/QX V$S0;_D!OF=]%-'


+ \@Y$Z1D=\VA9MKIP@K8^
MC-HK2($/[S=?L)B1\7W(V)SY

MSVX(.^!S
M^PZ2]OKB]MTQK^L_OOV\LWQ)W !]2)WXW
SOABW!]V+\Y[E[W+

M+=O\847

\'URN?(:


Y;
%?/.P*^Q9X



KHC=9UK=-][U$



M/S+;X[OCN=1/X42
SII3J


+;I03

\E&^Y&


5:/35#\
!*BE
'$;VO]#7E6


\O5A







Y4U3$4@0R!#($
@.U%5
MKZVNW@Z!#($


]+:?S+&_.-^!T(



Q)/'

MD'OB3H1










YS2$[T4B9.8$\P4P% _U!5/BLY@LX';!Q'6RJ!V/

^PL@:

MG8A%
















\#GWR=T5!WCRYYV]'&

PZ
S&=^F@L@LH;0A%T48HZB,4(10A%$4G1Z*3&4A+YV9
M Z$(H0BA2'


;.Y

5

M5=)




MFH)G^WU
[SQ6]OVC+4RL@#C

M(I_8([D)YM3_B6Q:8ID[_]&=Q+

HCUT8[@4WN'C[%1 T

]B^(N(

MT?*TA*][;N KN;-!@I#0Q2(


QAS[*=P#A2AY-E9P+XOF!\Q=2AO





EC/K#8

M+_?:$+
)\CT:[@

5&=/7?-E@DI3*R5*9_&=3(*$


0D82A20D7:
M#IY/<)VES$.GRU;C\51AD(8+.#]GPRR\&B:6\W^3-P%S[3& ^M%1= PA]AX

M]6/JWW
YJE +;

+KGO;ZRH;C;R^^]7%

M($FYM=BV
=#E5.@;_;ZR;$4-]EI)





M?0W!#
$

'D$T-0QZ8G[#SI]_I?X/P(HE@$U@8G3_=

_(V2U*QS9_2/^2?

_$+Q*0:AY'$6P-W@
MCF3B1O*.?$YIE-Q%[L2EX1


M'Q!\^;J\//90P28&V$

MGHDT
KH*[5K==_]0K#FTT*GVLUK&$:%DP4)N!]-[QF--3N +BYO&;+(
BNUC
MZC=I4%*Y':&^#6_=YB:5T^4'=
FKD]]QX6?W6-UVJG@R0DH=@
\4E:;!T9RSO.P0:Y_A!3@\V1&Z
7P*

)GY*





C!;(:]2




M#CD..4Y_PF%:


MVR$885GU;KF-@ZXQZJ;QH90@U#4(-04PHUPZ[14U=.T1JHP?X-+ZC*'_DP
M:G?JBN'2XT@
_EXC[.FB

%DCPQJHFX30=/'
MK.4Z9VG-^7?6,^[UX







P&GG/O )H1&$8OATY11<@FP=SU
@$<UC2$XE#ZD?4X:47
M$9G1!T;N&/


M#'C]%ESTZ


F;@3B'\(JW 7<XHFCE$.CF7@6
M^S-Q'T#QYI));D%\X6LA@_ORM2WO5O9:TS8DW\D/B,=TRV:0WXNHH?#
DC

K,?Z&SE)Q/&W@4/<*0_,KAQ3D.AG7$580243) ..7$*U:8




7 [-S






-W+L^/]9XH)6[S97I6965))\R,;YGJVOJT?3R8^P,
M4)$)LP]]M.<V=84XK[%5'7#&,D=G Q.A!J'FQ-X2)!P2#KNUZTXW2V:YC0J

Z?^R\Y


MN2K-G I2-?75

M F?UU7-4:K[IHJ^IEDN]Y.





MR8 N DVT!&VY!ET$XLPW!V?JZK4UV&R]702-._)?#
QC
79U;1;6
Y:Q& *C
OQ





@\^SWK\JIRSWZE

+^[TWK$(4W$LXFHZ9;R

5X
2]#9!6+R+N!)H%]X#
M.?([I PB^ $8C\;Y<M:?RM@\+R4$D16W,(!)'2_A,@V &<([\5ND-8J1W*Q
MIL1/(E[+&





MYY;K)Y(A'JB7\!TI%U$1$DP7TW^,+E1SYYW5@^43[G]'=\\DC&!#MO[U


CHNP(S/Z(
8:.DP\!U:5KPBN
MN0\#@/:G]#

UD^GG\M@M\2?L_[D
)R[NBWY6I2++UG/CS7
'.'OS@(
M'RP*@#-]WC0
_F*^W.I7'L?REYB#!/AQNG:R)7GK]P87J_)\8Y
PP\3U+]



M=(8-9J$O%/!
G\^?DDF.E

ZY
M$5=WX%S

MB8

M(59S 0XY#CD..:X^_1U7J53GB4PR/E




;U]%JYW3?L0?75KKHP4=7'-#J8

H4R
MU3-&776-TULB4U5Y)7MUSBT4U\F9R6E1=UXT50U_=8_)D'===#!'#CUJ1/





M$.0P;-




*
%99MM\3S<H=Z0=E35<!16N:HFF^8&=SF9L
H5


M*8 S^B
&(A^<+\B#<C_LKBV&.\9[!H&7S#/-%<

MVQ@H=*
)5[;+&+0RLJ&<LU/QMW(I












M:1!I$&F.'DT8'*_\3!=F.(G!I9%_Y*CFQ25;A



^(:<ZMS\O:H)A;%04(6IBIA;XQ




UXK30JTXN7L

6(OW1?Q''HWB5Q
MIF+]03T OYA\])TS\C;K0VN;/Z5_R#^Q?OIQD\[TPNU_=WZC@&H7TF8TUA\C

M#N.F\L8M+=QE#2F*?
%_+S[&#\(Y]598R5I!%V5P_FSEP KWKB\729
XR#Z0



M.J6_:S0TK%X'L0:Q!K$&L:;:.%['-NRNNM[/NN_^H5B#OG7TK1]D1R@;?E17

J4@5I]%4U=!K#H9L%GG





UR&7P?#3HMD\&
]9%X/\G9N:BMB)*<. $RB\-







S;R(A3-AM0C-4I\LL9
MX6/6IF/ [GYO :XXAXT':[;_/QGI:^(TN.XO$GZ=]6T[_.R+]\X
=(#BEZ
M=,QHR!DB%HRGQ'5F\77HT_K?A:B]1N@V\%JVOZ24Z6^ Y?]L!66^/QO0(5

M]U_62_8
M&W!-Q8![-9U*D!-[3BPY[
H@EQ2



\'1D49BY8PHU9AX]M

MZ



QZ0
$?DI'AY \YGP+2W\]


)-^)%7-HM4'NK?!?L4/;_+\:'P430#?B^N2@A!

1
M@QJ%


1 

M_()O+0 G0/S3

M7!!_!EV'%A^=S:ME\)!@#GRP?)@$'3[:F8&

)V#+

4W/V7Z_&)T!: 
WC0
IO%SCDC%2=X[^(H]32O8\

M0.*



M%+'S


!N;A


Q4H

M\E=@V2L(QN'98^%$(AB7($

M_H?G-RZX.5*@!)87XI\Y9(0I!;PN_LACW)Q@[SCQ4DR4:#!?)&D

MA\#4=1J*J
_2K2RD3$G\T%J?Z+AOJ%3)C;J*UL/#]G ZS:DS@YWGT%;D5\&:




MVMV/EP+SKDSI_)NLU+:T%X#'W]@3;RRK;WE[!-D

M7\B]Z-P6BMYK_G-2\182!7+!G7S9TX(WG*&B^=
C2RG(RI^1DJE0.@Z?++=G

MX1-VBWR




M=WQ2GVPK*@8LYBITE/=W/Q

MK]C'XC2A^\2=Y#WA

S([E8XJ7N;62<_)9


M


M48?E/:9)3DPDC:Z


ENGD&\=R?)!



M][@$YBP?2C[J;O5H%S-\^7)%2A6OS

M E8%\PQZ(Y;?UTGSO7*2&/ELZE0NM43O*(05LHGIJ2#'SG%EPN62681?]#S
M^\,R@#ABHCE/S J%?UQMBNV*WUH69/?K





Q#_Y7.3411
9VM;

QP4V


M5BB)20M9^36O

=J(4W)OBVUMC-RR=?&W5P8$5+FZ2W5+/$W$-15TE11^*








M#$B4W$4



Z9KR\^A.XIE\Z31Q#PX=CRXB]B'[X:?G!\UR


3D]='6^K




M'8VDRL[+.@F(N&Y@*2LL:XH\U#VTJ9*67U83]'*7U=)5I=
!:!]\ +Z:!'#$
M;:X#

AQ5?OC&F:6Y&ZW/*?ZB-ZW.NDW&PP K&A!_1_U_SSTK4S]
MWRNXK8L





M7I3Y$]6-15?9KP/L-PD2WK[]$!FMK5Y;?G:HZ[OW&K$;W9AODZ??L'L5*37[





4\H<5;F^?+[Z1\E6T?&P;(L0DT/V4'SQ#.ABILE/%S\H

M2%F^NL88W\1$W&K+GTA:^H8!SI2,9W/R02+:I\X)L:G66[N$]Y6Q8BBA(R





MQG@F-E EMW%6L4539E9+)!V;]IB5PEL3M3
X#+IB#V]:
J CN!9QIA7@(Y



M18)'V:

M=P9LCR

\#MA!@QE=I1IA(@


G0






#
O@K!.#O)Z4MW:)P)J&T/6N//8L**#T5
PC 9<@5)6;SI:M8$'

M8



M9BGEG-0!4P=$/&QB5[QQ#:A!LL6!G4R7AT.WR!N8'U_P%9:4N5G1AHUUKU]O



PN\IM9

--R_/%+LOC;NRB@H/4_]?_Y-7@G



Q\3\G7(^L$FCL#MK#8^(KG8L\Z#W


M_




XY[K#72[KWXIR'W#V^\D3U7J[3U4K

$/;1^KSWW<V]A5'VVB:.CQN:43 _ SR/*K
$M
G@#5OPI3

=.WIE0?99IXBF%#IT






MN[O+SU=%=ID7UQ]46=8^T
\?Z
%WXOG-=HWG87&L$






19%-QXL
T] C.]#]72[NA7*G



I


M1M%C^)H


VD8Y19 Y

D


9(H@


MRE


M1ZVGQ#W'#E^


MMY5-

M9KIA8$8F8C57

,,SU%5;-;7Y?<?]L1QM(&[)(XBXH9'Q='+J4YCF5
MP6ZJ6*_C+2]K7209JWF]R:5EE6W29+G.\FU2-$6DJ2[XO(COXJS\4:;3<;K

M9T&:


MSR._C)PBM)V\;+S:2ILB7I70)N9;;N+;!!J=K2A[=8TWD=L/GN.76%^\'D
MKC8TN(HUVA$HJ+)B
168IW.F4


M1%$UY?B*GF1$






M_P]02P
$%     @ 4X8;37FBY2CJ&   7# ! !$   !L86YC+3(P
3@P-C
P




RQ[XC

%T1\Q2OBK;%%/N\MA5A_VM]_?'Q\[6!F

'A
M/KR^QQZ)BC.7
7]57
$6?%]LUF1?%IK(4H13*ZYGKI2N  5L$=?1I3K:#U[J


E7@;\F4;T)
M/)I

MN1C%8T?%]A-5 


I+00

N*-BN08I,*-4+)*I;O*6^)$)&%*#/_KSG
M26


1E


A=201FX$I_V@5X-P:7\X/2@8 \O &_R@6&)Y(FZQ
M['WNW$O\?RX_\3WAK@CW.D?8P



W/*9/04^QH+V?A1@1HAG?N#8%T)_P.R73O25T(8_2O
MMS7]*Q *GD6*U5%PS&N42TB.#H=1F@&\WXC.1*)X#3@X()8#GRPYL1GKBK



M[%E$

M4N[67#*C%^9VV;;PPEA




M-'3+E-EV.N79Z\.G%@Q. 37K%9D]!!.YH?9F/B;+](W:UP23 8U)Z)F
J5

R+\O.2K83V\$#\X@G&'GVI#I=<L#]P_%@3N06VDJ@_3W)EM%G G

$L:#=P@P!;.H0Y5(


M'PJ235KM85I;WSBFTC:MA[2:Q









M&A:3PV]P*+:C
TB+E8\K;5+%+1@9'2&W3I!WA HCS)!3R!ETP)C0J39?+*Y
MT 1K/I&2AS6B.^%WXRE6\X?3=2,H.6RG7G0QDEDRL2%X;LW\SQ_M0:6W8R]
MU=D8(:XP.]@:PGM(XSCB+XVEKD[Y3L4R?'!U[]%$E%.$

^A

M4 [?3MRG'BNCJ^02D'E7R2R8Q9.\O-^

MFCL(5Y F@




8W2W4#3-P6[@?)X#V]+
M4
Z6?$&$NDY=P)4WX*DSQW$MW%VZJB(/8_NML#00L KO7!?J AW@AC1VPVR&

I[Y:G1=TR$)H$Y[)T4H
')+HK_X9X@E-+
M??%4EON=8Q9]B*9A#]R677FO.RU(JVP#&;V*OPB0\ U*(\491=WK
#O:0J2T
MQ;4


_I3#L^66X(J$C4BGX_=







M)*J]D*
VE\OHH?DI;T


'=&EF[V!Z
M6+#_J@;V?^E<WZ_[3Y[]:_7E



MA




+=0F]_4;J*ZU['5L^&YB/'[+

QA;=ZPAY#4D8VN


VOQ[98
N=8IU^ )!
MK4\=.^QN+U9K[CZH0C$LAC*[B!BJ3

MK)VQ6'

VC'0/

R.L

M+YSN7

-L+=XL(S:
KENU=]C51-L@=1K./:^F5G CIH5 L^A07



O65(=BJ(4
$6'F2



M;=NQT0 -R?3
&M'2?
6J!I[:56O+HAQT+-9MQ#M*JG- F*1(.M:J%G/WIJPTF,/RH
M\5=-A.Z6F%T%GXI-*1^;],78[6K.V=ZR%2Z'94%!66O'O15P0)-:T.WY=YB

(U5N2BFIM$R[H&U












M1XA0Q
B?OL_=3Z^ P^F\[KM!)YOBWY^5_\;JTD0I];K^]K[HO-Q5$)HEK__[
MYT^7-9^HG

?SU+:+WGC_HLW$'\/)XPK=TO5F.2^G?CZ_






M_.


/G[\&R7=R=2OW++0W%22=3I&&S





MT@IY:M

\\GV*BC\6OK6]<W_D'[.IO'@K/IRG\#U+8+7Y4S5]IU!_&^]MTR'G/^

S&26V*$7D@N@&WK=!LTU.O2*S_WY@Y]X=M8.^LO'7C

MBBQO;J
A=N(
.KK=7KFL[YA_*Q?7ZP_.S:2\JNU











2 U



MC7R).LQ^??0RQ*2I.RZ$ 0$-2B'BC46.4XXT-0899:60SE B\ ^X ?]^I\NI
MP_8C3I2/TZ]0?E;=)9H?]_T5SE/&%:CN7 B!
F4YDA86(D&T($3SDY?5JP
M?TZ+@4?K1YP-CY:!B\K?ZM(]W
[7Z\+CX&$I=Y-]]!2
&*$


M16!*:Q%L?5$8GQ

MYC %\
M3]E^SX:]]8I
8M!Q

0BG

Z&DQ6;LW@(=CO@L)9*I3*N7N7BT$)TF



M]G&:B^;N!28AG.G

&

U[7A8L@/.72!N1S')##V;
0$\TA8SCEE5F5V])Z^O6X?G6*72DJVDB0=*RN'JA:,<&]$IA#SGB.






MD.ZMF)9[9&5_19@A0CJF

D*?.(JB 0





MBD=N2731\


B[3A6.0




MB4$Y\QAQR3G@J7
$8T


+E

M7S].5_FKZYRFNZILW$WOCL\0VCD%!66.L6 XC&^
7F2I1\1;

!Z]S3S.:BQ15'FM.1(M39P@F.SW6Y33JE.?3
M&_X/#PZ 6]RD=&L@4(8YKB6/(;B\TC+S+BXH$-D4S'Q96M#AQDFFN*1()



8T0D0QBCPS

M18J:) ^ VZ12;;/)_\71VY)X




+V(=9S&1EO7?S


FQ 7
I%]LI_SL:*9PW7!F9(PLZ \I B4:J1C<C6$
M)IAPIL5Y1QJ'AJ&5_VYP'4 W^^QOEY6]!EBBH\5]3.-FZM@+E8M<$ZZPY6!8
M.X4$8121XFB
A
:X#5.=Q/Z:8!]L?5(OZR!=0=G:D$Z#^_*B-+4S8\3HMT5


&@1&*D
M/2C^N= 
X1S[W'(KK6NDB_[S[43'^G578_:#/I;8ETIA;_*$38*%F$/AS/WO


OP_!
MVX



YY6EIF93 M
/ZR^-^K!
M'

T/

M3M#-@/U0TZ*Q]9ALUAQ/48%S:7$

M

M5]SG2L F #\XIAJI@*-CFY
8+/:


M





?GW(JY]7_TZO-H^@6C40$&5=IP&
MCBB/22.QUXAS15%P)A.9DY+R\3^Y['I+Z V[I=2O\RFE8\ILX5P_+R4I4B
MQ]81)Z-'*]

M!;;
8G =;)T8O0(^JWDGJ,D.@OC[)S]$G0S[C[A<#YL%6$'5;


1H#L)IL
L8SRF_E9+)9$F!+T-.K
D:U?Y0



W&6T::N[\[#SV_UT




M7;8O 9D-BG









-.!Z5[7F*!@LLH890XZ#%*@/$;O
MD:!(4 ?&')AR8S]S['989[VBEVK;VXW)UEW?LXO*]5='3Y\&;186  G&2N1
M1A#EVEG4+:


G_Y=..(\#T(CG^& +(.)F1%0



HM-\>4-&91_^+3.8BIM



8&=(;HGAW834[W&9ZFAD




\T
AX'0.!!W?68*)S51-'-49BU4Y#2G

=K_.BIC'4!UQ_CN+5\ EX$80I$0


.-@




M7C/\P$$#UD=@-K]
X$


MS*H/R\6R\E&32:B//R%OO^8U#H^9YZOE;AWQJ.UQ=Q.%T9X*1C%23H*A2#.#
MN
QA6342

RFO


_:&ME'I.4^C@'Y8QK[K2.4#DK?)'7FO
M'=8Q/V.2V%JA+*?W7_RU]!7(W344WDK'/#\R1QOGO5;7?E%'1MA$3.K1A1B




F

&

LN:BYN8.FZUI5_^T#5


S2HIOJ5@!6B=5!L9YLK1/SL\7JW654&[[
P#+Z6MN*JR_C
.UR_@9*(#3*W\HEW7[Q@OK/<$!1D]S8Q!7Q)* 3FI=$:9DSHC
M+2+KI7G
/SJQ[1KR5
)ZKZ!%M?+L*VAB*W[6G$8C[GHV@9&=K['=(YM'MU48



'\QQY$_ )1P@2L%6WQR.1




?[3



9
M&M/0(LVRV.0VFN5;+[2:H=_E.X=&Y_UL\F4V#W._7V:[1AV:J^DTVZ27[Q;A

=JU








MV;S;







.&C^?@/^XW;@MV%1BC50S&0^C2)5B)3V


IH_&3;73

MPDQR7_:Y%]+MD%A]GU7\NF*+1!

5U&OS*GY^9[4_T


 \%PRR7-W!?GP0-ZEN;
M?8+W2);_\=





MKW $4.JALIHH 1 



MYY?974]?0_&^Q!@;IAKCL*:.$T01%H4? XBH[R3V:;V?W4=05S^GR/UG'_S'


7MKC*L)
MZ2E.H]O4]PN'Y]O)HL2S.MU' FF2)K@&#ECE20:(:++7L15K?:].9OC=YC




M

=+8K:(:%^6\L



M01XS@0SGE#[&UABLGS-?/5WX9
R

)OD_G/DVQ]$6#=GF
_


[(Z









MG)L^9_N2CD


SDTIA&W]2GR=[3^TK.%N@*JM]HN;='YUL8[V1S&:
!*3
1<PU5;XTQ%<
M3#9!M


M(L% $J
(

M!A%$1;'L',!26Z][?;1+ WMM0JT62AXU!YC9AB5!'GD%
%\Y%4XW:P6]+3


M;V&N:@C4-[GJ%^;B&-!M(Y'S!2)5:958=XSW*!\1D^%N6KIJD
IW3:TGGA

M J?.$2.]$L1S QD AL








O9?O)('00!V ]% 8#S BU(L<!4L;E3MVH3K
RZWAW
*=
\
8QYJPUT0G.)




PWBDR8.I



MNX69?)T%M[+$IE_%OA( K'2.
R4IXM*@ !#-

!5K=S[8;%C@VGSH[C:C5OG0



U<8!:.Q<]O
ILMO6A



MWOZI)ZLHQVW





P[/-RST;T5J O+P7ZE(8E?35;IP^%F^\_NN 5

B]O
K'Y\J]TNOZ\-,OY//P0[$(]
MR:[#R&,R<K 4@]FXM9J/INO5[3*Q%%OB1?!O0I@T(]SN96\3X)5?.J^=I*
M7PZX7A9YKY_G<6H78RBS!8?%NE_II/]=V!U\IYX
8)!#+GP_\H)KP#1A8G*

;2ZI
MH_ 4IK0.7+;Z/45


J\#:H:6'=^:HM:*E93]X#38EE(C8[VV38 @YE5 ( :5U@@&,XN-<EB_


6]/AHVV_O(2\.O<?CPI/%7;'_NF<7
M9?76,A05UQY+[I2)CBIQD!+M;1248&Y J5.:YY.AB+$8%NSDGIFPM1J0&!X

MD 4*
)W+#46O.0?ULQK+ZJYR5F




M'/IJ




6.D^$NJI4<8P1#@&!DGG
M

M;R(]#WX=YQIH'KXOZ:FFQ2I

MF-EX4#_%G)TTB]J!:[@)ZF*336\FV76U9:QHE;A@V7GLK*58:DFX=:28B)7%



MZ;S/*R*#L3



M=PQR(X330AHF*!:






MH\XX-AOZ1'W O=3[[VKG)_UK .#Z8G:]V%9J6ZRW)Z]_72R_K-+L6_1S[[]

%]TO.

?_(X88G(
2*T..

MFN(2^4#+Q(=?/9LX;Y&5\4Y$F.I)XQBO%_(;@/-ODH@L+YJ
O'?I^U2)25

M9\\E0GKL-1(286HHT5:#0A8GA1IW/+8E/;W4?@L(G;;61QE9'8.R6XJE?MH:



1'MRHI8F7-PDTP* W?4Z^E]/G






4[

7'_9O;U
M. \.M$J(%T)8#YE7VE(FA

MCE)A?Z-$&H 






INM[]X?2$(\UB1Q5B
G

MYW4_.Q


(C3TV

M0! 1Y CK)O/&4P2+=1
V*$[?49Y:)T9 *]@
I_FC4_Z^)HF%+!ZM]%128AF#





M[=K1BI_6]6+V[_1RB.$]_[ _7.W^_


MSS9]X/%*N-+CZG&#\'V)LCNO'TZ
5

MLJ.%=)X]F  DC \R $*5=8X+KG$ND85J-


?1AGV
M'@L-!HHWW*

M*UG'I;'R7L8EVL6HM\V09T/]N%RMLP*9F)+\;K':9
'&/UYVJV)/2:P4SQG!
_HG348]KF7;T.?3T<?H^Y<8<%19%DNW;</PA4C;8\G;3+A2#&KG



AZ#!BC1E0V)&&T/K9NP$R-$V/+U2HA87

M?EGW^[:2!ZE;?/N#\?%@7PRWV_W:SK&S5=RTW&3I^Q(;X*7:)R*\'%E$ ;*$

MW^O&D0]TF1!OB80$ 









T$YF%NDB8$N


MZ:32%AN%-(4^[@U:@K@K3J7I)NRBB\7AZP&VBG&G0T4D*EXQ8=)L9:STTN
M(3#\-

M#7@








M*F$T8




/76


!%MZ&-411X2R .@] &2;?W$4X3CA


MW-PB?9JM'08[2BN^7+C&FBGZ-P#G PT!  4GL7D'-0Y!)JH/%)!CM*JZWT




RWP3GY_'$Y=N( C$'/&'$



M1=T3X!4A1


MGT\PI8KO$2![FKE!I=56^@1
+93.D0^G%!7JG0;G%Q52$D&JB)$$8(90
*(E




M1&M.$-?


-=
MUITIJ_ARP;EJH)UB, 8:)IF4UD2%D?LL/$LEU 884\R.%=:;66C


M*-F1!B&%H!0$
8G0T@I.M2C66F?J%]08. !7UT1M'[/AN/+TAOI*-'EVM3W#


5L1(M.47AG



NE) 2&P00



F




M +ME4N:0:([[3!WJ


M



%1LDP#1)JH7.*
:/RNO;:0V_K



4K&^GW/

C_;H
M.K.W32(UUD1[![7C%''D#%YC!0Q
F[#HQ-MOIQX6L;N/'DR2H-DW/08AA9F


58*EDO'I.TS

M2AE& -$#;A:S#.!V\OEUZ !HY)9R?FNN!'!U#U9CHLLZ_++ S?IE_6%^ET

M
OT]O:Q A\
-$\E 

MFV!JA+= (A6\)*ZT9YX+A/1I/XY2'$ZZFZ*RH!G6#JJX2PX1PA::6A%$6;


M


.2


:<XQ%*0P_Y6MOQ,3W\K9$S(#^*P/T!LEJM:UL7!






M\F24!LFXZ3$




_\2=/)0YRARWQ$$KL-*

@4^1ALE. $3JX/92'4
W_G9(CP[F\SM9#W9D\[V
+#NW__HI;W^_;O%U3*[O:\T





MJ!=*FAP X&V?_G7-T&=O%%BVAV-OYTEJ8_



\?AF0SB*N
KH;C:(S




M%
-6JS^C.F7H2@T!2$;-





'E5R.._-3VBTY!1\-&

TN56J]=!*7^K Q9_AG#2QC$C+


1RE)XW7.KU]0
Z3']D@B

MA+U-V6\U9\J


M'C:@/6X*\.MI(!F-E.]W=?TPG)K?/%9)B*RL!% =L$#.L5]MWH5JS8FH*@

L+[



M
%X;AQ /+NHX+:9:9&T0GB^7

M5A[C'95V5 A@!B%K$#?( W34U(&DWW0E-Z$\BX5G@+WXTWC_1Y-2W#7FQ%

MQ*^\I@)D1&!!(




ZXZX_@TI!D58B-)F=.CBC
A^%8C$&_A*Q!





MDG88J


*R=
:*BFU5PXD=HAK9(G7079GG]$Y
XRFEH^)

M-GT;_HB?O[G=S2)81U?49-!$%J(8

0_1
7VVHQLJEBFL0Q98.26C@J0HHIK8:&AY\)VY
M!?B

MYDAY10.]66:RHH%A8%]@T8 $:2E0#M1ICWDP7-$6 !FR)JK
5#30FP6.%@T






MDGBB9:.H

$T%M]0)(6B0T<;OF$V!2Z_X&CT <175
MTKBA^/R3D\U/#^/RMFZ8
E&-)&V\T$,J9
M4=*9[C16/CVT6%[JUXQ9] 60KLB+]+#.<&C;NR-]N R*QSU'$*1<9X9#T9A
M'[HL8/L)8TM*SB8.#WEBI2KP1=\5)V]J(KH(XJ!$)KD$XB3B&(+A0%/#WL


T*:Q_Q..*%YO&9-UI^X8V9ME)NL8.0SL2^P8J:1SV@0G




M6I0CYDN



M4U53LZB6/&]'8[M_%!WHNE?6E%%!C/G
*8


WE).@\I_Q$A_?CX


M*64S-

SIG_W)OW@].]A

G;
!UI[8CS@OL

MX
E:M&GGAP][?;PSFI%\1% - 


4K/9RBOIB1=%@JF2/&R\$
/

!(V?B;UCIQ



CGV$O/M


MZ$.5Y9A9H[EUSG@0PCO9:;-@27J2Z'P!R&P\
2:RV1I:]&2=HY_?5S
A!XQH
KL+Z\WW$+Z0U.?Q

M[ZQ8Q$@Q)I4TE!F


!\Z_CE)K)!1+=.
<X1R+^KY<@GK^70RE5

/ $&00@3DOMVSU@@7..(7XU36H:JRGPZ?HS*8WF_5?]6:WM^5W
C30J9?MRS=GH_3C<4V1
M4.E

P^SF
?5?5

ZI\F[]?8M*CV?W!IRJ/I6*42AFP=IZ
MRCUJ]PD6IW?*F2S4-5OC(=4+HYHK/G':'[VYX8#3U28138WU@((3+VPUF+7

G8H#8OETK9(Y3\O

MM*=



)IE6AQL(IF]'T8IDG77+??[CB)IY3






T4!-[4'.IX!K=8.:K3;ZG1

[+=5W#^:G8;^@+*A
II RU##

M



GWT\/7C*+O+OY


^






V=K4+?S3(SP'?N- &*V?
SO%GLR.^#0(Q5U&G$,7:8V
=

G 8V2;

MA?HH_GM#^JO-/HF+?GAZYNN][X7HESIJ=.]N/A]AN8G?7)&@M/52(8$
0\$*



?EXZ95E0%3P 9SHPQ$$\J9I#HZ$




M_UVG50:^5?F?J_5==I]^*-9IW=B^J^N'/__\\Q]__/'3M^MR^U-1WOYL0^C\

M@YKQ7K&AF^E%_/*3FC&W'8WL-B;Z[_//:L:N%[+1GE'4Z59SSWCQR9.8M_RW
M/K _=;_(OSXBOXWQ3E2//IQ]J[/=)MLTHOGDTR#?_
N?V)]6^^K=;9H^K-!Z

MN



H)VH'&


 8


MT1OQKQI6F :(TFZ]!#%BTF&&$SFQ$*+#B#H
WH_H@3Q#RU  !=S%U+ZA

H[



L6!

H


3#KE#D!Z[P97P=QF;1( P&D
]E2'*S5Q_)XY)T




M!W^ILIO]]D-^DZV@!VU(;!J$ 4V0$Z# ]8::
G$8K+YFY74QN=*!A$69(78


0^3S6!'4!KK.C?S5S]#F)


MNXDGE8TU$R33YV.M;I0][.?B?[.O]V4&3

3GQ_LX
L




DRTC5B&A@)?IQ(V3%*_
M@/P-H^X5

M9S6;FK


-7ZRVYS^.]^



!MDOBFG+/)B$QEW4CKMC


'(C


8S]!K4RK.=FP_D759
MS3;0G@M6




GU
VR#&4VYIW8YK\F%D4UMT^@Z:LUMD<-T YC
M.XD<BJGOQ=F+@YZ6Q'D=Q1JIJ-&9.GFPJQQPKZY(QT:AE918K%--(\MW)*
M.*0&#H5@SW+&^2HM(Y(VC<9E-=$'PJ='6N:/59)8YM$1MY71A;-/0MX-P
ML)9$B*QV6:TF0:(6Y+*E:YT=!RUZ98@88+51$@KN]IDZQ1UPEJ)*1(ELQE

M0J)')Y-LF!LY'%97R_T(V-F.PL=8&AE$6LA=QDC2XTIAH/
C6PO0#Z$!$/^HC&26_-#RU'9D90M6%8WWM8X @7B\H8
DG]
M5N903(WGH$].6U68

$O[4H-6B2)
?JZF2.WNDZ


H2RKTC.N/86;DA&8^4B1*#YLC
ILTL<*]3]Q]14

M'/[X;WE6\G+^CQ]X
?\FKG0((B'T4&(EOAL3#WO(Z8W'%*KM-TXS.=MFX@48


ML0GL+DRUIGAR2J

M;(V*)$R@NB*9X$Z7(@E0.9LBV4J*)

!15)C9XHB.9U%G/AA8%'L

M(DE[(J!(:NS
F5[\(=]E[^OLOEI!:H4X0'E=6T16.FE#U&PB*\N5.
Q9'-

E=F[6OK



M3YL7 *J[_.&!8W@HB\U^S7ZC+AH
ZWU5%_=9^1.XNLLJ]MD^5N:%O]IRSZS)

)


+@A7XDHL[#9-D]S
UJ !'9PS1=:O

MDWA4;) BM9!X *0:#\MR)1\
&^1LR9$P_^!][_H%J
MTT_Y2E6VWW'IGE
'/
MZ\=_JL!M46RJ[C?*K_DZJ_XK!*A/6_^-Z%2QJRPG-%5UX)6X=!(7HD%I$Z%U


.K!\I.0#FX_



1 Y&$/'L6Q[D#T4!:%<!8W)

T=+G

Y6([_?:-!WN79?:0YIN^
M%DAS 1C\T*8N'W!V]1Q_G*J1DYM#52_G; 
8UL]N N7CTI.+=Z
MOL&CE)+J:I.EJJHV_]Y46+U



MR 5)?9ZI :56[DMH.24=/ZI)^9IPGZ]2I19BW]X9F*GAEB'V
_O\^A[#K(Q/
S)7E?1;E]J@D+_]#&K0=I !.4 <7*4/95QY2A[1K*G[U!<@ YO$WPW
13X




4)HH8(!

M))2_3AJ$@6-Y3


K +V5154VD/3R=MGYDPLF+
F9R
M\JC



FFC344'

MFN[V-_P!W9*)!EK7^==&#)*

:!:\6^
M
^0H(I((;\R;
&Y87P?(X/X8
W]ZN 
--CUJ\## EM@=-M(B AOSYVX
.74]
MM



M?I'Y#KR2X4&ON
Y


MU\(^
IK8F_[*J';-V$E5U!W9#:U
-

MK=.J+XD;H  BBF


YE8V<16^4EE?J/*IJC@$*




MSK6_

9)G6F-XDPJIKC-'@O


M'X7\IEO)(
I%K[.TDEB$N[3FD9M=!O3'!1LX)O#4@PN0UJ!OQ
&+Y__HHK^I
M


M2HFH98B.&O3GCY*I^S_A79NK[%L=
U]^7[7YLHD5^3#T






K;^





[7C

M



D\55CU*#FLLZ:K0BQ('0M#^*(12P8\=+AAG \K%QU15
8?N
JQ;Y;!9;S<KH&*[!J3H4I&RZKQ$.1


M=ANRJ_/Z\?WNIBCOVPSZ_L001JZ#_

M&^
]O9!JP4(CA*'+*;(E?B2N7L)*O=K?Q8@$UVP\= \V;(US3?\GR3J:^#
MB'C_BM#I9VX!ERSU^E.8ZF-B2K7)\L'L%?L7*\=UXCAP;-^VXB)O2PXO[S
M/NL7(JFGTA\UG#
Z*! '(R8R\KR

MU5@Y_\A6Q%U





9SZ9H,C73.J2!!J

MDXNM)+9=W[9L1$







MB:J2;J4E$&8*6WJ\(R4850I6LI*J&

M*H\RFZ+2
@?.5HU_&M^O
M#.R9&W(9=4#F<K8XRV!1?2^J,1UST\?@4%FR<9,U4.+'P^]T\- ?:=F^([)R
M+-L*[-QPB@*DBBQ+2OH\5F^*_7@W7RH#$=*QZ\+'2O)$\4Y]@9</[XF.:!Q
MJ7MB2+ ZR1F:6&S66&;KRDT@







M@DDDE%RG^NT9-4%I_2K-E:0N&*!)71G.LF9\1H6(.DB2MC!]D$5_2B&46!!Z
M88)?#N*U^KNH!!



\'/






M89Q8B1O$Y)DYOE[]/




D?.

MR&HAO7A*KFRNM0A&5XLBS_3*_EP-/7MTQ1Q]UWKZRCQY 5[I1=_)%H%$YK8
M1##1@;[S;08CE.C:B##77L9GT3=C@






RI@Z&YPDQMK;FD




Z


Z'J([\4A95=5D6-WF]LMPH
M+*8A :4Q@'/N(E=3L+F/IR]Q%DOFS\.+


7!GY
$C;]=4@=Z$G-


HM[#^Q
M49-R8Q^RM.(G4KN:?.
)





MN87W5;7/-LF^9-/'97


2?.5HM2CQ

;BG=0GWQ
M(







MS!



?5<-Z

M9Y$T8=9&5$X_\\L0/@-^%:;[K)P\7I596NW+QR8D;*/#SEZD\R(RN




MA$_E1ZHDP9



6U==&NK58)]Y63DA]:I'YLC

(XW
#^?N%LN89
[.
MPO/*M^?&(UXSEWT6LR=P?GWXKIZ_KYN**

?$P




MYXX]M#
F5#WE2#2E2I'992B4%D_&TJHFL:.D4TVYO-X@+JKZUZR^*S8K&F
[
MC..$4AQ$48BL.![R2B/LP0FI6KRC,HU0:V45:0+:/
:M&OKGAYCY&'6U4-

[:%0
MA1TF4+(TN $$
F-6J7YG [HKJ?S M_


SS'\SK7;R6.&&JY90BN40]E7N'1PJ;08=W80Q2O




M-^KHX/QIXGF:!HY/G:O-V7P+.%^;U=WB3



M18X?V9Z+[-!V(


L;A([
QVG9[HEM).6


M*@@Q2F!$;;9&ID&

]'-!JH
G%R%
X5-

=
M \/





5)BD2T4Q+D#/V'FEXQDO;RJ(*H]+$A)E'U[5DVF
@+0&/<KV.O/,:0B

72EQ



M2=UJ5#)@.$+J


LV%


M


$UR^3.U,,F0@CZR7)/T7^JI[?'=*L8

&FL)#TY*4B2F#8;;D


M
DA6$Q?9N=63G9&:3WO.94(<R-:I97X94B8
^W<(A:)$A]!.XY@C!*+QD.:

M7_/JSIR8A^W^_IK]S=1KNF/][)7Y4U_?7



UL+J
Z%V'(X7V'J=I:Z(U&C@PBJ#O
MT]CWH(




MN_W\Z.P\O.LX=5LED1U821RP57U
?8@B I

MUMOO=B
Y;@8XG7[ II5.W0=KXESQ],'M;[# '4XXK$J9DD/PKIAA^9Y\\*

MH)WMG'^4*+%DQ0D$+T.;-/ER.H5Q

MDY 
41JUI5*@A3]J6'-Z'')R(TZ)F+(884-.1-XDPHA2]%9'1$&:FV6
?WG8


SHD1E
O


8Z88:UDHK;&/H^P&U$SM$) ACE

MLZR-=H?8?N(=+1GN)JR.M-*F9U6T@*60[!)(F
5ER
U$'T26/)*

MA3B



MK
I2^+S4?



M$TJ&@S

MB1U!:N'$]2/'QSX


MCO^EXGYA[I8A*%


DN\G8]S=7Z;?7S6+;AY1&%G^^UX$N3;QHR.$GD2.U^SG9F&%I

LU(IIT\#BPS;

1<KJEQJ&9=WA/$S0B4SIH

U5
$76CJ-;+6%+E9J
M

/DZ65C2-
0MMS(TJ]R(F8U6'O*691E-R%HHG&9(:%TH6B
M 1^H.

M.1TZ



%O+:[3&40ZV1/=KC=-G.P.O2QGAO;D7Z%E
,B7'I)#W?=U@X7+FI?7V7;?;;
M[-,-W=?[,OLUW^7W^_O/#%ZZ[<!7M@_/61ERJ^%?
B86]45+\=SE7VK8]:0

4F


M7ZE*1G3RG*TF.+

:7F==2
M6O@?F\-F;=^%3$GS^OQ\ACD#X_(3!H=#OO$)


M]I9I0A*UZ4#=WHQBST&#J6JID\@5E:QY^%478^/Z5R0T)ZD34A&IY.^-)'4
MX-%)=3%ED39E^
\']8UNS]^NM[FMTVLOXJC

M+@TSG7

MZI@Q G5(V





4&CJ0T39[9I2J8@B=O

9-GXDW5^M*+%L'! +A2X.$';)!QSLBU/+G44VUF
M94:;4A+JTT%WEZ7;^JXI'_5'MKU)RPP\\)VA]3'\B7*FW **VC8']5.%[@(\



MY



ILO2]+!J


M60S(#]=1$H:#)8BPS$I$Y?N&5R2'&KDM)DF542%
4& 


G
M(APM'
D=6W(-I



O2MA45D3EAJVT
MCW<W M]UK!#;486@3$.D3_8L/BCTN*!M]R7#8?&#


RDVS/:2&N@;4V;*83[$S

8-K*D+G/@


_DET
0YP@J?1MO99G6QPUL=W<Z8%27(V$?&8X7T8@:
BW


J252&U=Z+8]XPIM22/W%%_R

M)I(I*)BS\2@IC8+
F1&[
5+&9$T+F0L1

_
M


T6   GY

')TDAU44:0J)HL\L+/


54UW
H7
QJ





*13T





\F\_%3

#*#(/3


8^CJ/^PUWZ!=]H&/FAR@? IPT5G.PV







4

M0O'::']^JH?(.4541OW(:,.K'-.'SOF3JV3T


=2T-^R/'O8/?139+Q+HUU9
MLJDP#@)

MB'UB2BK
I'PQI7TR;9%@%'I6&#K0

M)

MXRF6K:I*V%6NJA2UWJK:TRI%5;E]]-Y4E=] 8545Y%*RJE[?IV6:W%(56D46


(GA&
WF#9C4W@$81=T88)3.OAQK*-NKE#2
5G(U^_K@M/Y=^

LH]5UX&;
M?X'DL .7;0?^?I^M[\%WBF3XD W(\KKHV]SL2H:@ID:40X6HQ[:G-PB;'SU2

XD--5BSFL?7E0L6
#(\O

(3
M@DS3-ZB NH.$F@%RIFD99V.+:IG0&^[3^155,X74RE2S15Y_?XLM+CT3)%I7
M/1,UYTT]F\336#W[9U'^=5O0COAU=_.O=%U?%U&QW:8L^:3):7E'6V;)Z'[=
MLG_=#EN6&V,G#@),%=;US #NIXH8^CPZIPR$8OT;<(,..*LO(<.]M@/MPEY
M'\U4[ZIQDJF%E_BD5)F#E*BL*



LQ


M7V86K/-DG=
L231K(ENRK'FI7%)9XA2OKW52IS#??*;D'FD[I@UB&%B!ZQG(
M

UA_5 
4&;2C.7K



(S$[
M0=7;*C:58ZWD:[(QQW5+#D?CWQ*^36FSFU.MQH;E.B&V$42N3W-;PS:#028Y

M

WUK?A! GAF8:!NS
M3+WJY$=:@?;::Y&#K



WZ;E]#SLQ$UOM%#5-69]WJ^HI+'L3+<
M*\OE;3^!.E%VAIWY^I1OLF_99I=LR8_U=K?)\KM7M6@JF&^.OQF.GJZSFK6T

V;2QP7\K2KS


M

-42=[V!EEG$B99-.N1
MJ4BSIE#3&4675U^W_T)(7<.B+3JFBR,WD)L.0;J 9@Q427.<W/.LRXY&1

MM=MO(; =[U4


#90..
M'69C#PF!I


M'9W O*B

[
G1$5U3O8E*BP%V[VLFZV''['L#7R(RG23


WU 83W]4
M[




'AI@&JU^..@+\



















MU8KX+@Z

4VE6^(\' N#=+!RY6[RVU;^33W 
Q4=9S$L:A *B=7ID;V
M8)O U
 %8_B?227/4
WFF%\RNVF?L1VX(+7;3W/$





MKN7DSJBJ E?HH:0J#!
N&\?)W43%9(L9U:FZ=69HNI$+PSCV/6Q'&(?.L+CA
MV*.N5EL7O5.^XLZG0-4Z74Z)_E@DHK.1;]4-3WF-WJ=)XAEE]@97A):Z&5
M8N XP97'Y5CAI;/CKN :9
4(RK2_CIM6%./E+4/9_62S
B+/\TB$'!
:AFF[



MF%;
T)\GZNJSP(PW^SO"+Q+'E$Q@X 57TP#!@.Z
FAN%:?LBW


MI;'
EQ/.2N^TM)#-(C\\$\]?NC
]QQ;EEIE=CJ1SQ!13MF
T44Y5UIV8;*IA




O?)U7*:BX_/!1Y4PEQ94;8L@(_
FV?
M2KX;^&&







*YH\3)Z1
M324.T4

@_G@_$$B0UN$GOLKQYJ:^X!4]I4NHPAE\P



M+$]='!YYIGDT&S8 \N69ETAI_S 5^5'AFWXJ&+


M5N

MLT?!(L@8F5;5MF)YWA_SZH_84K0'$[NQBJR

'I'PZ6-R*AHTO%E'YAUD68'E$V1Y#@HB QL6Z9O''K:YD@U9C<Z^
M7O1KLS_(IK31P?[@ES?V!Q4S/S*=6()TSNC50GRQI/\
YO(YPT@:SR4)LCVA
M258@W:R7:8 :WD;-^^E


M61Q_.@;OY0X[A&$0!=#R30_[KFL@



M$RK\I&_2\ARND[N3&E*LI\=&+OB3P0
-/D[=G

MC

$:O&




2VQU
]6FK#7-+.7STZ?J;?

:^M


MP:-H(Y;EY'7[F_13TNP;^\MJY8?$B*

B

50!]8:B*@V
#
M0L/@.-*/X=%^2[4,B V9OXDH;Q98D@R-=7?O+PQTG&7(%/Q$=+A+Q/^3?Z
M^T7YM(HB3
-R1&SD$M^Q7

F5G1[M'5^CO-^&U_=F*

&D2?(VS?$+YW2S^5R+



;=O#H0\--_(CPW/B

-

* P


M_S6]:V;[9MQ&$8PA!Z&)HG=('!)@ V'PK()EQ((K%'
M7A43S?/'RML8/.
MGF=LP(
!??-DXV  ZV8^H:F0B^.DU+=',BGMVI]I_C536'SPCWG.[40]UG


HY#K^?8I
M[2RE3V\J=K$0ZB@-BGB4I(VO47C/.JTYXA'G028U52=1QY2YV$V1FM3MU\
M[57+OZ4/-VFY@EX +1*8'D+$
T

@]QHHJR2


AV#4P_-@B-*F[WN#LM'I$!ZC-%
^7['&4%0/%!4[
M
4'@QLM^-



M]V_?7!557:9U5C8%1PY05R-@


M\EF/8!-.4*;M+]0%*RS7S'ENNH[UV/7 HNS^_/%Y!QQ^C_'(TE+Z2\/G]8#N



LT][==&.V('6DFW</&AQ==V+K2OU[//2OV2&'C*KV4J4+3<E
MW^@W[NA_VX



QI8QRF;W6R_T@G7COKPZ=DOKWP'VC0=PQ;V701)
MX!LN=D+#
%TC

MI[).OF7G(SB/0


\4;7K\S;;2OWL;NDF_?/67
MYDEYX6!6%RJ.#X

M.

Y

VR4/$K@;JPHGJM4






M:914]U=)MEF9GA% UR

DU7H2)






 S\P'-#T_#=OG63A((K'M/:G%%[





NZNNAFL*J^?TB9X5P64YX\MXVP.U+:XP9




B)O !:5M2CB*V(JR*:[+875=.+
M9P.:H09_MKCE2:J81R;+JG)GR)16$3_

M A\L@YV?LHV/3^R
U#:[37\!?[9 .462G\9Q*JB4/SZ9:Z T E:]39(2!7M)


8O60)RF6O'S2
M61H[7/.=K^FZ9
E:VQ=5\6&C2+3Q+Z)'3/V_*$AQPV)0-[$UX#ZSE=W^?%

/3WD
M9HH!Q^9#4[@8*RZ_%^S2PV-:I_N3-/FN&#78!@95F0Z,*:M!5$,(^AY?8,1
MLCF/X4UH2+G84&P?.W!@CPY\D# 1FL+O.-&9B5@^\=F#.B1T&1$Z3= 9,9+
MJAZB),.00GJ/D[9/]SG+TT]U^EM8L?S8&A FBX2#\7(MX)XF'QYH:S-N?$-

XGCN_;6!-[%--7[:]= YN2:-WSX3

&
3DOJTUN3OEDK8$!UDE9/K$#


:



.X$UFYBTE8F\ K^*R^#O-

POZ6V9W:6LB.H&TRY19?D=34L?F6 W3SQT31LD=%TS
3@4$V;1J$6D
@($S'=_J&




&5\Q=)@FV$3@0=




#E[?@:_:0;9
2]!8(/PL\MVO'


$EV%F_8




MST3(
7R$$#3[1BS+Y'H@E/.CYU


M[]DP-GT#1W[HDJ')

_[I$Q14J6;

5CJ]R$'5P +T_]*2O?IQ6Y0@



@?S8B7W#
M=V!HX=BU@JB'B!W;XRMG
2LT'H42*H?1X0&/#:!I060V?RE.950[:O90TOP'


'4!!LO:.%1=/ ]CS##Z













]


Y);.$\9O=-WOI)Q
MQ$VJERJF] P](M3R-*A8;)CNEUFC'(-G$RO$KHD,U[*Q&7@D

4]*
M
U,2= KXYYR27Y$N[JB</Y/<5/!=?TRV$O_\++Z--U\26M$Y:\D*1D
%3G_&00/D1B9K?G1K4
MD9_7WF*I@:/745;?C,#NCBPO0CY, SI5&] '1#W^5%6DK^A0[K %C[(VELH
M_1AK2M7L_S_ ND@GT&.BI0T;,Q]@Y?/26%U$NXKJ2J*]B;+NRH2.2MH2 '0
MKZJ


]E:+#$4
M.&M;K^_3S6Z;7M[^YRXIZ1#9/L446[[.DNVG_+8H'QI 39&!Z_1'C2B-?ZU\

RD^9][#!Y2T8@(
!.3B SEF_



D1=9H^^;WVZND'! ($](O!GCVGVBM?'B#DS.8R

M?O?Q.BT? (/(6_-D#H1D5'#V42566Q1\P0WHX6&GTT=E4; BK-2(\H*_X)D
MG.59G7[.OJ6;3WE-^UAVLTUA5:7URZ71R+;@$##=2T'AYBG#HAZ[O$)O
MV! ]820/@?KS1;N'AZ1\VF_C[ &#%K'HDJ9$-_ N=R[#O_A2:(OW8P/XM0
6



M
63^Q\A$US#?DW[OLD0V6?<..
M96)L0-
+(Q/&
2:&[_4-FU%D\:1R$IJ;
;;B]+%

RKIF9Y8N'


MJY1V63HWN*

M_\G
0)(#CW:US$%2@81E&+U/Z:^QDL(5

8Q


A+
MLLMX#WHMYROQC:
# E?WCQUE^U''/
MWI37*#Y


M%7AA5O





M3XB?Q6Y/X;WE$%EGL.7[2.CT]:*^DGGN^JYQTJ9S4A_BZP)4S3B[:=RZ/G1K


**BJN.BW&.\:FO-P[)DBTY-V7FX;3Q'?_N4
M




M.\BM)1O
DV:KX)H_XSZ.K5G

+H+'KAQB'
;*SC)8FMN1'6JZS*KTJLW7ZA27&![5&*+;0<8(P0+:#
M3






/7JFXV%VJXG2/78
M^)6%93J*EFL
1XT8!(CZ,'82(&3IQ:'B!
M8?,^3K\<4N71KH,$BKT)O*_<+^C'<6'NO3B0+\IU5O6G )LE@O8UAO8F:/_]
M/=CF'F=C'(N,S6_V3]V]_N5YXYI%YT):SIT##VBFA9
%/H-VZ5BVL'&]?ZG

%@JKHFA51[;XGVY!*IWCTSODO;=YY&W-?5T

M3H%B
*/T+FSU[A#W:-EC[T TVR9EEFS!EKL&N&IGB(:E^;T@


&\3=JYG12)E.LA




MC.;L4/]MPC
O+_-'9B'/C0[*3


MLBQ

M)MJBV
B70C$'I\M/Q=MZGI_RUKH5#A F

M]6?+7RD+3XEK[?A:?%ZMPK^:3ZN[.MM9#EJC?Y99]7-7+C*I%NQ-FL0][6B9

\I'WY5I<[)D^





MGF); &\;A\. YMZA;=C0BGP4$H\

M.HVN$Y

@
MW3&2= _F]D-!KI)MW2Z7#$GEQ.?77U)?5;;+95(B)3HS&$S'J=CFVFN3:V]N
M?N7I]NCMH\

MQE-[(_D]HZJZ/6:&S&JWLIAW'

\3X13BG6L7


% N9+2I0
E@+
M!LEQ/ET@1&IWIR$!\@)P2P$W%?2V@L_G.HGYX?&4[^8*CI/ZS0\8&J?QH3
P

C6\2\L_LQK<E_DZX__(?A-8-T_#M_N2#0BBLEU@P3J
MT?OF!=*CSO6#A-*G[IL[F([L/#]P.!W+R!P!=9*WI$+JU=O(KV20?\W*.WOE
M(B?P$=]


MON@_X^WOJNR));M-E.VRZ[RNXKO[;?&89?W?5VY(D)-$- Q(DD2A14.&TXUM

MT@+N-B

MWIC#(3=F#O^X






2(1)@CT++@TX8^:[GV5& (^A9




)
MBQ
BZU'((8BC#R$Q)@
M*'7#N^JV=8_%)P7'I*2Y)TO7&EQ@QD#5IMU+\M:&ED4'<[_+



D8FZC7UD7G)5SR:($WFV:
M%;&GZ=VSU(_/X$ZO;%IAY$$70V0[KA/C.


M+K7JKX3+MVL@

M8S6S'



M9/(F76=431W59FB90GL*79URA&Z=;M!S

(DZG926(Z+D-PXG!.9]H';3=8
M89. 


CCM7EHCT_ 0Y(




LW/%]65V;*()VY-LP./ YT=+W=CIVZ0!E3IB-JTES<KSV]^^

H)TF]?0 ^L29&.F%U&F
X2=4:?U!!L

:_3[9?]U29_R/E6TUXQ(?1=UW(\SR5
M

M@&97-?B2K?=EL_%A
;$3X?*LZBEUABGRI]:H%SJH@3/Q#3#E?5&RYGD'//2_
MKLW0LC$)XBBF@8NC

6F[*Z1

M6)$+G81X-J2#1


%
B6


'
HIU1/&
MEJS5GV;FC!1-I-(

MD1?(J(W\;Y]3:%IT(R5F!'%BZJ*7

!?J.I$



W?*::1WM/[IY56)^#40P4^_[:Z;K_X*
-OBF1VO$2@D\2XA#+0[X;6C8*((K#'H(?N8'L

V4/



G!1+
M2L^!U2XM.D)W 5I\
^O0&VR=TR951!NB5\K


JI2




MT74X1/8U+6^R&F\;IEG*?9FQ?LG2[YN



Y3@WEF=2I


:1BF08(H)%3H(KO)C6C6IP[:SP.V]NEUR?+A=H%%HWG8E%.

GXC/&OK1RKX
N !60E9A2*^Y&2E)+FU7I;5/LR
M^\C^^4.=W54K'$2)BX+8P8AX@4


3F
G&2:6U$[G;J)NDJ*J/V?K

N
O-6Q 78!U


*7V[3



TBW/
MJIXKEN\@E_H1L7 2Q#BQ'9\X?=L1DMMBHZ9%W6O9#!U@*
$11
E41PVQ@CG/

M7K$I
MS8OL#/G4X5=_$8)@$A





M #20W%(]J2G-6M:A T?P9/=13V-23
=F)%%.Q$[P=P$:;'Q^V:!;7LO.LW=&

]!VL/@[OX
@VSS[QQ6F- R(




MW\9W?%_?IWO^WV8;$3^-F#]DS67^G0XCB@@
:4C]((JP1:



V*E




.O*PU 9GY8UK7QGFU8#M(_A05?R(


W5RB3/3O^WXYLCC%Y.[!Y


(DU/ '?N@DW2;[
MW8:E=BL8.I3? Y90B[B1[U$4)CT



6C^=4S-2

6G@H]

MHQKO-E^S]*[B(_R2+\47.YZD==5'#R6V'=LTB2('1HD7.'@H:$ B44E0VJKN
M$H(0UC%K$&JY%Z@.+$:[G
+U<

MG&V:







8;7733?T;1#.\/9NB@Z20)74UC#EPIS1U^


S%-]C7#
MV_]#.VNK?F5POG[+M@_9+TQJ;ZN5CY


ME^[I1B
C9*
NY6-Z@.2C78'B,45DYB7R'](;4.8;.&T+YIQ-&#%O[A7UL#
M+@W +0F@-:&10X%CR7\3#28RY5F/]LUIX^8CP3RYKD_%]96G[]5JPBZCFQ

0
XNU86L5;F&XMFJV#YUFDF@-G4ET8+= =


M#E*M$$MY[-WJL)R5TV5X!*LZ53A_R%8N)#2

H)NOP@RD8A66\=C[56$I*Q6HL#RKFE28(TGR
M:IUN.:[J*S]3EU[76;F*+



MKOW$T:_]6[0O]_3OZXH_+Y/O;CX7VVU2E/S[5](?61Y4=Q1!(21L1-FNTL


M1KYE!:2'[L(8=4L3\6ZY.P/6GYAHK=/W;)$QD3T/PL2!G6&'U8\)URQ(*$


M5/@1W7=FE^:#4SU
T.$


J]\GX:A#\
X3)+(0TD(:=R;E7@^$3_I^&Y

Z(+]

M.K&#0[Z@Z#D!'4[16 Y45_LPQZ9EZQ[/#W%*Z/;[[DDJJB+FF+-L1:124Q(9



M[R'Q-9 UJ?S70/R&I






N^[5#_

GH#%G2VXND


@8

[_:QKQ0UW9JUT9^[
M9W^]X*+\E\O=OW:_[.C7W?^P/[[\A0.Y2^N+!E#V/;V[Y]_XETO[7_ 7VZ5_


M(?
)LWKX/+.+MY_(&3'9^








&85*


31*
/*$]W H;E9C.:-'RD?A$XB@Q0C^Z%'.' PE.3RW
M4J')&V8
56W6/5\9T
JBZ(!N5A5.-/NQJ*I?




M^?H-PPE^VO($'J0M5K!IP#:KZ^UNIT$RZ_2[&3JIV3
C)P$F]!6SU=48EB2F
M&T;@U31'89 O&:+R2U8^Y.N

1[OCIPK&]3MS [NII$E,7,V;:RU. XODPVZ'0R=# /AJ$;0);E6+'O$#=&
M*/)Z\Z*0$%553J.

MPLBN:7ZB829M$BF'F0;







3LN+D.)C@*96G\9O56Q20!(PB.^


R*H@W@RA5&+)BS=#
M5+$C*EB_[

JE=(.C.@IM)J



4)\)=F7
MUVI=[C5:VK49+18)]'(^
7#TMZN+@HM96 N]A(:!#Q-$0F(AMP='G(B
N.UO
T&2T6


;VOLD_7^/Y^FZ_Y6C1_-7U?



Q:T0W$PI
MQXKHT'EYK622YN7OZ7;/4D;^5UQ5&6L]I(GM.2YU?$+T T=:-E1;
OB2R8



MB1[CN_MM\9B5*P2)XR/+0Y&#(8488XKZ]NW815
U=&R[VB6T1P+6QPBGBN=H
MFL=JYQS\*I?.)Z#!U2/H82^MDZ^P*2634SUBJDI.MNM-D53#W'B-/
AR/SF]


$2BGA1!^8*H13S7I3!Y7PIKI0%A


=D 6W VIX;:\XG*[*S*


#











SNM3G<;\!1^\_G2.BQ!M90VZWAJ7JMQ=8W-5P?PZ-U_;53
EZ4$)S$(8E8


USQ)O27L6-4#A89K]].2L




M5#7?65[L=_5G#A);!


M8RTR
#$X
#8S

K
MK__VRR]__/''7[]_RN=_S?(OOR  \]EKX
/DTSRM0\G3#NW.2Z^7LT6Z
M7'Y(OT2-\FKQ.<OO)E6@?;IG7S.M_SZ(_5&2;KZ


MO9E/ELNWGS_
[F;S2?XNSV[6TU5S5ISWG=ZXL+Z[F^3W;S_[V2+TGDWFC_ZH
M5JM\]FF]BK+[F+U/OV;YYN?=






C*513

F2R^S

M7-UE^6KVKS/



MP3NC-WYQ







M]20/?Y[?EW=D[60U.45(M=Y]SOA!!;S\^Z


M4C=@4&^47BC(%KL
]=3. EM76=[54F[TJ3YX\6PV*A[3SU;WC8BN-N8 U.VY



EQ3Z-LA*'F


M4]C:)]

ZI1A 9I@@E2C





MC@XHK;DK?L.A5'

MK^B*UV/W=;CB6@ OI'00(H\I(]0_T R JZ3
+P=BC25?VQ6OQ]\^77%/*:!

=XG!HM45+[P!2-)&#.


MOMJ63;UI1S/N&3@)NXY4A(O*#)04:#?[[C%J.^B9T_P@V[#_0.(I@1PABV

M/L\FY4
E.]_NYM&#)H\6WZ;8XB9K_CR3M
7W$F-L4%/&84T=)X@B+$J_#1#1

?3EVC[W*&.S2=Q/!@&5EMD
M!5(24PT


M*1AW6B

^E
8SCTJ[
+W']F1?/CO;KN3SZ0V*#
MKC/
4F2E0YI[N=%Y6VX'$30)6HO**^Q(;:P_U]@ 8A[YHCHEC/X/2!
I
696




,Z1!P0Z)[@.NI@02GA@OG'P
M:HMW]H.Y\AL40Z]86X[Q9-E0YZT2^(-(ZW##ASV9<4= 4JZ@A8E<9
#PS%B



9X]0C3(
7AJQ2
MIM@6'9%-[-8Q0F5 0Z(]*0R&MCC?DT;%D5Z)
29LH\HZQ*VD6$J+2MYY(Z^L
PR?'-*]T#;GG-69^
M7Y#Z=7(7&/1DNB<WNH-]$HNE, I:SPF@G',+MJ7C4)7]NY%$R$_/S1HB:5G




W2







XAA!3DU!F;2L23'N$5K8

^^Q(?\$QO;&!_L$F_+.WLZ[)X

MDY 8;KV(U8
MMZ7A!*ZM2ON9


M18P1#HG[H3
+J'/$2*\$\=Q !H#AL. -XGJP

@OJ\?^R(R[&
M&^

NB$

9EO

M#&VHR=7BYA$@M\]YIC=5]/NQGHEFB (
L:*$*.*
9$0]&.*-BGF/\


.:M-M )S266\99_






YQ#O]V2+*
M*5U

M8=Y5M
'QCHDW0!A



M//SG&8:ZVM-6'1^N;XX?*_XB0EB




(P/GQ]LT





M

M0JHYA9!2IS0B4# @2J8*UF_V4A96^@4#K@N.#V2##WP/8AAK6V






QS%KCG8R4U#

+@O
M\+Q:? N3R_+[
-
*6]N^YHG4V$)O&

%2BPDJ*3;&MLD

M:NHSM;?CSOCL]!.;\-@9YXO&B5:&!J C@16.;XDR8'!!%5.- D2-$K5[
(A:
MA4ICU@X2(:H:&4H@)0!Q Q%R4!+GC'&EM2B4Z[5&X'Z-TEGIY59ATH2KO94_



_K
M
@'6*MM[



M6#P'^&

K

M0^8O(YC-F=PCA/)U$
T+-AQ'T?X^2$6XR\=09B*Y -'D1!(^6L2:' EHX+
PFC7XP!\9;*\M#'2=S$^FY4/<RH=4RNWN[_GNX'
81
M;!WIE5!!I/. 8JTY


M8R8






&TJ
()9BR@TTRFRK$T
9;(I*



M2]F_A-G97._M/.SF/]?+W7MYV?MTFH6]=IX^F?G'K#U]U\7G$@^L%]AA)A14


#[M'W#KS+

M_FL.!GMFYP=;*^
4]^GE=J#
=''!9LO*CY/OFV/E34;4CN_;J1^L.5UY@(1C

IGC







MT_1FZ0
7]QQ(545F]5$2 X7SBF&

&'8.'WX[$/G;O=18[$T+?
M6M)G^6-B-H&%/1RKHHKCI1H0#%RDB#.C(548X1@P0_!6#]Y'#^0ONQ&+N/S

M1!/BPO(DABAP@[#,)6EA4/4(IL=I8
UZ=3WIX(!MC7WZ=?U_GT=K)
8R9S


M&R4/G7M
_K'?'7H M'8LI?&9E:V8DPE# D$-G1.!VYYYS;@O5C.#C0)$C1Y'

8NJ?

!\AI@
M 50Z92PE0'BEA2S7
W'PQOWJKNLI(34L^!*4B

MYF]V9H.#][DRT^N_9PSUFGG[



/?!Z)?!Z\(4..A+T @RF/







MK*KKD&MQE/(=PZJL3'H/T;)-M



'1&U[$AG#7:.!
MKQ=M/U].J-H#8_MZ) P:;0E1Q# /N97&4[Z[YF65'?*Z4*S]&3S4;^EBG?X]
MRVXB0(_=D]K3/!%(4PA#(K-,^EY
P7U DF^ZFHU5NPKK&

MRZ!+-I/\D#WP:._.\*1E @'@7

M?:'C[WDTC?(L&#]'D/&H51+(1UP@21VQ5%KE. 4/_





L=<P4;YW3] $+PEO@Z%
M'#U9SJ8U8+-IGRA@B

MFZ]71U^8/= C@0(3A1&S$@I&#5$


A
?-
24!C0IZB
M1I=!:&B;6&4M[:G7,Z6Q#&&K+4-#?'YIB\;7QML RV1^5D-_7&G\RJ7EGL
MP_T3YPD6SFM


Y.ML-9F_2:

51YC




M2_-/69^UW%N$21.N_EGBIFXU%T!(!@XC:D27@OB'Z04[VGT8GV?*(3660I3
MBZ@=AWS.3GX*GS)A,P]3_-_9IZ6:KI[73PJM'W

\?[TK/[GNR.KX

M\
)1)YQ5B++20*5.^P:8JGY;](2FHR.&6
L
'B18M75;U#18G_G1?-\CO1*E
MF?5






M!

174P+;,
M@A/(.E0I3M,-/UX'/3U_,UE%E_8Y(1^#7'3X[.]'^%I?R((<-@X0CT)YEU













6K;K#35
PG47

[A
M8
#P:/O$ 




VA9
M7Z![







0VKZ\F?:FYT=8:.ZA\HB4B0!



6$4\:'BJ
QECS9'%?'N(?.)Y8_GA9F1 'P\NAH*XL-)('W$FKI96*







M.RXX]I7N:O2GNF(A[\W;.X]K-I5B-KLGE=.;7[/%=)WG^P_CVOU XCP/N[=D
MD@/ K'#6
UQP


M]_ X\;5-)BFAD$%JC93*6UXRF.G!RO$





MIP SQ9G1 FJFI(3E C30-*E)


KA=S:3Y

8(AP#@Z1SF)0Q/J6:Y-V1/Z'7(NN'@]_NB8=7



PF\_3:7R!


MXM%A!K\?84C=H1)F
/'
VW@I@%+

+N#9<FYFY#
M+JG$6@9'U)&2N:S1R77M</P58; K 5SFW1MA!)




^ 9AV\' GG'OG+D&*URWP1(@A6S


ML@4U%MHFYVXCNOG6CYIHRMTN[[R9
+]\

M!J1
MX+DCY877'OD'2F*HK %&Y(^&D6:\[08E9OO@UL/4CBN20\T3SYG!6GJ

M $-UJ1%]
+^:!



27^4$F64UT2P24WE'HM)16(NH



'MWB


M

7B0!?SK)(\WZK^E0[]TU

MC9262


(=-=9CI!GU2
E2]1I(FH1#


397T
FI;E(8;\R[:^^X.H_?0^(*GX6K


:[/+
OB\TK\(O5YAFO?RRR

M*&2%
NR^CF-1;K1W# NGB)/:[0I6;VEV0ES_5EI]21?
M^UBT'G_[/!85R%L



\YOO2;@@\;?
;@/&XDOGS_S(?=^95/
M;IM7/ =M_+U$2Q43D8
#]X(*ETH.M,K[7[*OFX)H'U:3?#5@BG95L%4X

M*NBW+)L+1?_?@PWV.ELN7RWBX[_IS:N%F^2+T*S'Y7!X#HEQ!#D%M2;(Q\PY


H;LT.*0[DDN?





XRL'&7$CM)=4BT


M=3_@]=VFOZKSTKOM6U.6TOCO4_I%\VM_].W-$YVB_!2#CI43$4




MN]
U$FN.E$AKN=?4*(,,4PHA$S!#X_,E9E G2E.AI;D$!?B/R83V[2.
OE




]X216ALHDG.
K[([VJIB:L[@M \860[.YKNDK5


MQ& DA5. TL *:9%#PNYX@YWJ]_[O^)*\*R/G[&3




SY7AX'7EU9-T)6B0\M9 .

57A (EB!J58:LV$C.^IZII6**<+%-^#IM]&E2T-(;9
M2WK',)S)95,_+//SY^75?F=N#IA87L,JBM;]S8]/&___[N+W'_S/C9#<Y$&%
MP AS8A1B0+*8M@B7%$#.9JGKN;9\.X4(=H#R7
!\(4CO+W*54@(02
KE:28
MQ[U%:7#5^B#(%$B-

M)












M[;JK\V(_;#?W/WM(BDW$;

@&GS6O9QM2.( ]8+R'^

M*PHVI?MA^P*\1X
4I@Z^#H@]$B_X80)._

M!2X$*8RQH 46- #U-& _8-_Z[GKP..$TI\ !'+.*:US^_WZ-!KN4 H36'NNX



M)?[HM]7M:G_6
]/#VPJJK%)!4LXXPUHZ@0%CP9!@E/#X@P'\W;/2-3(R9Y1R




6UUA4%*?



)9F1#ZH74'Q:AYXK^3MQ5




_4V?%

APE4QL*B

OIB8H')1'1U2N?
V1]-+ZRGZ!RA,-V$1;T0D6%U:M3RJ5TF!L8F' 2Q'4#64'LI,.LVCF
M9 H1HQTUGBM)PHDK;?17 T$6 !00Z:;/IBD98[A9ETFQ+___ )Z#GSY%#EA
MX\?\ZP0M$IY:E#U#@K5(^&%EI1A0RI::1Y2$M,G9D(U1LV3X:.YJ)_K9'E8
M49-^2!? M/UC^F=M80'D$Y%^4Q 
'1/*4\5I*C-$S/&TG':._GS _5


?':HBL/Q;/)N[O;V\7VQR/MXJ&7

^DOEB$M9APU4R2
M7?S PA



M:?!$Z(VH6T/W D-:1
!H360\&8@#R10ZCFM%@4*S8IU^UEI5X-]K/H^XX
ZF




MLC1HFHB



M;%)R
Y.


M4G BJ*(L(%0V+W(286*J%9*TZ9$C1$LJF\^BYB*JYL+-A^5Z%UE4?FO4 CZO




+=1? 93

MVW_%G?^X^7P[-#9[0
&T%R%J#0X$]\HB94BMX@HG4ZS)%'WX%%@$T!@+\3.
M78S^^.O+U/B_RA8Y9AN/^R_'83WUDMS-8K=;?5XMKUOU:DI[01$T\C24(\T5
M#LZ  U/K-$RCP:*I#UE$X#J(
S(;
F:]?7!S_VS_OJ+;EN:5&V[CG7R_ (I



M6UC%$&40*!(
[*=H'5FAWCD#44/=E#O&LZ9\761:!Z?I6
FE+Q0
@%PCSC

O-A+
MH6-B9STUGLU9:@RXIH\HL!
JRCNBN#:

R4U]A4%!$^J_1JAZ[\/N/5$ZJPG

F-M1;
!-CE6
MV&0;OW!'035Q!-KM+

3

M$?N4@O



^4;-


M-5:1FF!
X'#5XR2Q61CBC@CCA[
M[\A7V&+_ZE(G*)82'#*(:*=4EP%4]$C#G8D+B1N1\:PR;1_=&&5-S/P!A

M




MSODR=Y5C%O]5T0.0'6P6W]B\U4UAD^:M;L6



U-O=7MJ#H'
M;S7!CE!N!0()FA-)#2+5BC5*FG$R+6]U8]:W]5:WH_\O-40M03O'?1-* 2


M'EA$XXMXJI .SD8EB($2NJ(.Y3S%@.W
W?PZ@'L91\:
U_C^4YZ62Q]9

M4L1L9_-+7Q%DV[-DI) M5_)0S[+[]'6Y72X^[T\ZHKIZ16$1PY%08
NU!((5

MEBIE;NL(P93*YL8QXE94G4.








T6




B

M[@M4';-[TSOUAT]1/9;C^MMO-YL?98_G]7Z[^NONX

%Y^+.4]1E8%

MSK^H


MU?[KDTRZW;NU__MJN=N]_QP6J^U_+6[NX@'\4);_^EQ\4;M4\?_2$L&(D+YL



L (D\5Q8$. LKQD8@FCD=YB3R\^A0($&
MKHASG()TR-4*N:5DL!$%(\OJ:PR;))=?.V9


#BP8*RD
M0H0HV&NB

X=.U)/
MT:' ,2+$.%06E 




M$9 =@UN!]07.CF'3I*I0V9D/FJC.?1^_W6Y_;)]L^#7?1T5_^V6ORUNEGM


F[1.;ZV8


9L;NK
M;4?5.;APM;-82HC,Y90@CEMEHQYB9K&X1!7;B-6=_6A=N.PO-RX2*.M;7




M(@$ '4-Y%GEI&NV;.06#'&(&4VL9#L9B+J614-$C !HLR7IDP:#&L$EL$-&
M&5,+!A%)-+':6%&6H5I%.;AJ=5+EG10[-L]88\XW'/O3BM13# 8);9TSBRF
MRG(-W&A1K5 %/%@=4M9@4&
V-PT&M:/J'()!C




?@7&O
^6;QI':D





<U!P!QH%*PW2]

M1!+OD*G6R(F869?H7KC_JZSKB-:Y\.06NZ]F?5W^Q_^_N]7WQ4UITIP]-$_=
OZ&(BH!!B'B Q%*:.= *U&M3FB8F0'8/70Z(6LNT/SSST_;@Q_E1T3[
M/S91MUV76N=9[)R\+Y*.8RLPE\I+010(ZDFU5I0TB)PA!ZI[B'4)77S(:E






M6;8?#M)*[)G24M*:(9!D[B1E?4U6J@[ E0'Q^VPL+06Y#1Y8
%4.^$9$(BF!

+F_]9


M'+JC7H#$1D\J.&;24%LF0(G@%*/4U?0(026UY6L=Z)NM6.V#%X-6\9P
K+^^


MG.+N&OO8D5Y@DU3ETXX94ZORD0*8

M


D/.[XCLA?N
M-VYVW8[6V3HX]M#LFFJN&=


W;/*U%

8E-GAYYQ-U34%LD8Q$KP./OY+1U((
M;P

E150T
M#*TG




Z):5P



120CNDTB-[8*!'W%H84-PT


GD

M@]$


M%A0+$RHZ6MM

Q/F -1 6(M%1&


MZ)P]T4/++-G(D

M-#I$\NGG%=JIP)A%#!MB#6;

MSA%-L):61


?$79^/^4+D(CQ/6%J
H1JFC'B&RMZAI&



8V!))

M?.G5ZFB=ETZ_W9L_[&1VN





M$I985?O_XA]GB(.V7-QT1[_1.+H&3HC4D=228:2D=I%(!HBO3W30(:51=)*&
M--?S*SO+1@_T/^[*[7O/D9VYVW^-JO%_3@YV[?Q=!27!#6&PL(\0!1-ZUH

#?F(OBDO3  _T9_/AS^5:8EUYUI<1]'PS.O
M*<HIAH$%B20SFD#@1+F:EXRF= WJK#_J;/?
$S
M1TJA_^?R^WWU=7R^17_

MD(:S(]=#M&*Y;C1HZZT(:UEPD P
YD3'HTOA
NF&5W0$D^3*[
B'0_H2D;D0

MLG/-GAB3-$&TJYC1H5KBCKT^)&(XQ67HBJ+


U97[S=
!V7!F-R!PXC*XD14;+4-;RF0#6*($JJI$H
M%&:6-SWX
9^=95FK1D8P4Y1@PA0![S@PRX/'1MB*.HZ:$1A38QX



42.C:110

1



?4GC


AJL.
HEJT D[9+ZV5


_+U= [\LE7%))IR;DQR 1NO/(.H9H/
M0)+R











M![3CW;CC 5APB@*F% )HAASW*%1K05H-YBJ=5#R@
2!.Q@/:L6(T+JL)Q .

:IRQ /:
2)K&YVGJN?YN.?9V,#9^\MM-/2
M6V5Q!9AK .$6C@XZ]_&D74(F^=ZWG3(G-'(W('#!(A+)72T^YB)MJ7%GH.O










M$P2T C V4I13[B1'B+MJ+23H$4P4[N^PSP^(TQ




MY%JQ:]P1.4'CJ2 PA!#7(:Q$PJEJ+=S[%'UTA- ;  

MZ($^TCF

M=E ].KZB)1X6J^U+P931?6



=
M
;
!8_%W

F!8


MRL3



M8-+Z!QN:SDOJ3*\=9B=9?F[9YXML*OZ%7[8KJZZ;Y+9[O51H2O'F1))C1#


&


RD7;\6[D=1S:$0F4XRQ5L9&DQ^JM926_HQQ.  @3A=UM&+%

MAM$@G+

MIA\50ZPJ/=IRZV#]0#4S]N(P:S:KLOG/XM-.I
2.E!U0J-<0E)WR$6</CP5.77

49K[!!5
MOE93O
!Z^%#7ZS@EN^#.:$R3@?-H45GM T)YJJ4)RA+:_F/G7GKD=Q.9V=

[0ZO&
WP--/BW_WMOX\'^]&-FY^(F%-D$0)4&$P!A7S 2'Z\T=] @
ME#$'9!HC9C



M8L5+F5(]EU2V/ 97SD#G049^#G1

MJC$. O$0C.3
$T(?#F2%7$I;KM:ID5-
1N[H\!B2J5D3'^]N;Q?;'W'5JR_K

@GWY*@_3&EV\JN*0ZQ

M) Z
 0


M=M
?K7.IOA^VFV_+[?[@E=Q'9:2L /YVU) :Y/\VN+M A'@'P3($B#I

!+U


4M8IT30F+J
MI7
.0[4^3;%B3[#-P^4=0-A;-ET[8:^H@


MLJDL%TUU#!J0BA0U0@:CC;6&UNH7)R:EK]O8==^+6'IRJF
[8N;392^9ZFBL
M\909K)72@CI'N356H)
]-7.\% OWRU;0N]@?SR]TL=KOWGX^!R]-ZQ8OW
M%$$$Q(T+( UB00?N:V%*=(I]84=I?A-S!_8%:FS&3://O.LT^_IQ06W44P&
MAJWA##F.$&UN1;_GJ*HCE +Z8[OQHQJ23-YRZ^9\7AB\W9L^C9ZXMXLF(M
M
-*
*^N4-%K5YRM*FT P0KBD

- Q;:$BJV*]BG140]C+DA!C.;






0]O]L_J]QCL^*6\CC:B.HJH3CH10%*7
MYN);]26&#4W+L1O-XCR9AZ;NYJ9\

Q3
MZF2X- 3

M9

MR









-
 RACRCC!JQRNA2$H2O;-!_D2O)/O%.)_SS4.0SEU84\/ZN9H/JQ??
MQ2NY6Q<%LI)[X%Q0/(7$DH  ;(, 5RI5/!Y6_$'ACH7V3Z7?SP#959-PZ_7

M:2DN%W?E[


_WZ7*

J=06%U!
SKMX
%RVP]#KDQ

6_'J _
M'+&V)JU^KTD1!&15T V@A91K8Y&$N!EAT!7.+'5UJIBWLF8O5+-%/L3Y4DUK
^^,&Q;PC%')+_0%-?[/<KZH8S4Z:@Z?-F19'N I!3<QJE)YS0@,V$E'6IP
M]
BFN


M=H
T+$_%9+F:']/R-H[SJIQ-JO'7Q6BVR#I9



:O%S+OWV(&7$D$CVI.9-ACD0$L8M7LE #BK%@CDA9(
@1S#%'_
( V/.
M9C+L+KJ3(O]:+AVL3@
]L3!.:B@1T-(PI:5S%/FUQP)(N;CJ'K+SUW9Q*('N

?(_\G]

-;G9U+

M%1PJUFFQYNK&0*9GWRN8


EJ9U7JEYV R)B :'4F'MT_.R+.U6*E?ZRV@



37&


JXLMPR.O)_4#G_*LG=M*HKWD%@&)

M&NJM5283NRTTIHH@B2%B@H23.0
&-P@ )U





*HL-9\NF#^-_OHWGY][_]

3@P-C
P+GAS9%!+ 0(4 Q0

M            @ 'B3@( ;&%N8RTR
#$X
#8S

M  @ 4X8;36S

M            7[& P!L86YC+3(P,3@P-C,P7W!R92YX;6Q02P4&      8
,!@* 0  5'L$
end



