

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000057515-14-000051
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20140630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140828
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140828
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LANCASTER COLONY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000057515
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT
 VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				131955943
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-04065
		FILM NUMBER:		141070805
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		37 W. BROAD STREET
		STREET 2:		5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43215
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6142247141
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		37 W. BROAD STREET
		STREET 2:		5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43215












		


WASHINGTON
June&#160;30
Columbus
(Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation S-K (&#167;229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
December&#160;31
&#32;was approximately $1
621
636
August&#160;8
 2014
27
339
&#32;shares of Common Stock
 without par value
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Exhibits
Lancaster Colony Corporation
 an Ohio corporation
 is a manufacturer and marketer of specialty food products for the retail and foodservice markets. We began our operations in 1961 as a Delaware corporation. In 1992
 we reincorporated as an Ohio corporation. Our principal executive offices are located at 37 West Broad Street
 Columbus
In recent years
 our strategy has shifted away from operating businesses in a variety of industries towards emphasizing the growth and success we have achieved in our Specialty Foods segment. Consistent with this strategy
 on January 30
 2014
 we sold effectively all of the net operating assets of our candle manufacturing and marketing operations. This sale marked the divestiture of our last remaining non-food business. The financial results of these operations
 previously included in our Glassware and Candles segment
As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and except as the context otherwise may require
 the terms &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; &#8220;registrant
&#8221; or &#8220;the Company&#8221; mean Lancaster Colony Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries
 except where it is clear that the term only means the parent company. Unless otherwise noted
 references to &#8220;year&#8221; pertain to our fiscal year which ends on June&#160;30; for example
 
 which is the period from July&#160;1
June&#160;30
Our Internet web site address is http://www.lancastercolony.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section&#160;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge through our web site as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with
 or furnished to
We operate in one business segment &#8211; &#8220;Specialty Foods.&#8221; The financial information relating to our business segment for the three years ended June&#160;30
 
&#32;is included in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements
 and located in Part II
The food products our Specialty Foods segment manufactures and sells include: salad dressings and sauces marketed under the brand names &#8220;Marzetti
&#8221; &#8220;Cardini&#8217;s
&#8221; &#8220;Pfeiffer
&#8221; &#8220;Simply Dressed
&#8221; &#8220;Katherine&#8217;s Kitchen&#8221; and &#8220;Girard&#8217;s&#8221;; fruit glazes
 vegetable dips and fruit dips marketed under the brand name &#8220;Marzetti&#8221;; Greek yogurt vegetable dips and hummus marketed under the brand name &#8220;Otria&#8221;; frozen garlic breads marketed under the brand names &#8220;New York BRAND
&#8221; &#8220;Mamma Bella&#8221; and &#8220;Mamma Bella's&#8221;; frozen Parkerhouse style yeast dinner rolls and sweet rolls
 as well as biscuits
 marketed under the brand names &#8220;Sister Schubert&#8217;s
&#8221; &#8220;Marshall&#8217;s&#8221; and &#8220;Mary B&#8217;s&#8221;; premium dry egg noodles marketed under the brand names &#8220;Inn Maid&#8221; and &#8220;Amish Kitchen&#8221;; frozen specialty noodles and pastas marketed under the brand names &#8220;Reames
&#8221; &#8220;Presto Pasta from Reames&#8221; and &#8220;Aunt Vi&#8217;s&#8221;; croutons and related products marketed under the brand names &#8220;New York BRAND
&#8221; &#8220;Texas Toast
&#8221; &#8220;Chatham Village
&#8221; &#8220;Cardini&#8217;s&#8221; and &#8220;Marzetti&#8221; and caviar marketed under the brand name &#8220;Romanoff.&#8221; Our Specialty Foods segment also manufactures and sells other products pursuant to brand license agreements
&#32;dressing
&#32;balsamic vinegar. A portion of our sales in the Specialty Foods segment relates to products sold under private label to retailers
 distributors and restaurants primarily in the United States. Additionally
 a small portion of our sales relates to dressing packets
The dressings
 sauces
 croutons
 fruit glazes
 vegetable dips
 fruit dips
 frozen breads and yeast rolls are sold primarily through sales personnel
 food brokers and distributors throughout the United States. Sales are made to retail and foodservice markets. We have strong placement of products in U.S. grocery produce departments through our refrigerated salad dressings
 vegetable and fruit dips
 and croutons. We also have products typically marketed in grocery aisles involving shelf-stable salad dressing
 dry pasta and croutons. Within the frozen aisles of grocery retailers
 we also have prominent market positions of frozen yeast rolls
 as well as garlic breads. Products we sell in the foodservice markets are often custom-formulated and include salad dressings
 sandwich and dipping sauces
 frozen breads and yeast rolls. Similar to our retail efforts
The dry egg noodles
 frozen specialty noodles and pasta are sold through sales personnel
 food brokers and distributors to retail
Net sales attributable to Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. (&#8220;Wal-Mart&#8221;) totaled approximately 
 
 
 respectively. Net sales attributable to McLane Company
 Inc. (&#8220;McLane&#8221;)
 a wholesale distribution subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway
 Inc.
 totaled approximately 
 respectively. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of this segment&#8217;s total net sales during these years. Although we have the leading market share in several product categories
 all of the markets in which we sell food products are highly competitive in the areas of price
Our strong retail brands and product development capabilities continue to be a source of future growth for this segment. In foodservice markets
 we attempt to expand existing customer relationships and pursue new opportunities by leveraging our culinary skills and experience to support the development of new menu offerings. Acquisitions are also a component of our future growth plans
A significant portion of this segment&#8217;s product lines is manufactured at our 14 food plants located throughout the United States. Certain items are also manufactured and packaged by third parties located in the United States
Efficient and cost-effective production remains a key focus of the Specialty Foods segment. We are currently in the midst of a significant processing capacity expansion at our Horse Cave
The operations of this segment are not affected to any material extent by seasonal fluctuations
 although sales of frozen retail products tend to be most pronounced in the fiscal second quarter and the Easter holiday season. We do not utilize any franchises or concessions in this business segment. In addition to the owned and licensed trademarks
 discussed above
 we also own and operate under innumerable other intellectual property rights
 including patents
 copyrights
 formulas
 proprietary trade secrets
 technologies
All the markets in which we sell products are highly competitive. Our Specialty Foods segment faces competition from a number of manufacturers of various sizes and capabilities. We compete with other branded products
 as well as an increasing presence of private label goods. We also compete with both domestic and foreign manufacturers of various sizes in the United States and internationally. Our ability to compete depends upon a variety of factors
 including the position of our branded goods within various categories
 product quality
 product innovation
 promotional and marketing activity
Certain of our operations are subject to various Federal
 state and local environmental protection laws. Based upon available information
 compliance with these laws and regulations is not expected to have a material effect upon the level of capital expenditures
As of June&#160;30
 
2
&#32;of our employees are represented under various collective bargaining agreements. There are no employees represented under collective bargaining agreements that will expire within one year. While we believe that labor relations with unionized and non-union employees are satisfactory
 a prolonged labor dispute or an organizing attempt could have a material effect on our business and results of operations.
 we obtained adequate supplies of raw materials and packaging for our Specialty Foods segment. We rely on a variety of raw materials and packaging for the day-to-day production of our products
 including soybean oil
 various sweeteners
 eggs
 dairy-related products
 flour
We purchase the majority of these materials on the open market to meet current requirements
 but we also have some fixed-price contracts with terms generally less than one year. See further discussion in our contractual obligations disclosure in Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Although the availability and price of certain of these materials are influenced by weather and the level of global demand
An investment in our common stock is subject to certain risks inherent in our business. Before making an investment decision
 you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below
If any of the following risks occur
 our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. If this were to happen
McLane
 a foodservice distributor
 is our largest customer and the loss of
 or a significant reduction in
&#32;of consolidated net sales for the year ended June&#160;30
. McLane is a large national distributor that sells and distributes our products to several foodservice national chain accounts
 principally in the quick service and casual dining segments. In general
 a foodservice national chain account selects a distributor based upon several criteria and
 in turn
 directs us to ship and invoice the distributor based upon its negotiated terms and conditions. We believe that our relationship with McLane and the underlying foodservice accounts is good
 but we cannot assure that we will be able to maintain these relationships. McLane and the underlying foodservice accounts are not typically contractually obligated to purchase from us. In addition
 changes in the general business model of McLane
 or the underlying foodservice accounts
 could affect the profitability of our business with McLane
 even if we maintain a good relationship. The loss of
 or a significant reduction in
 the business with McLane
 or any of the underlying foodservice accounts
 could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability. Unfavorable changes in the financial condition of McLane
 or any of the underlying foodservice accounts
 or other disruptions
 such as decreased consumer demand or stronger competition
Wal-Mart is our second largest customer and the loss of
 or a significant reduction in
&#32;of consolidated net sales for the year ended June&#160;30
. We believe that our relationship with Wal-Mart is good
 but we cannot assure that we will be able to maintain this relationship. Wal-Mart is not contractually obligated to purchase from us. In addition
 changes in Wal-Mart&#8217;s general business model
 such as reducing the branded products we market
 or devoting more shelf space to private label products
profitability of our business with Wal-Mart
 even if we maintain a good relationship. The loss of
 or a significant reduction in
 this business could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability. Unfavorable changes in Wal-Mart&#8217;s financial condition or other disruptions to Wal-Mart
 such as decreased consumer demand or stronger competition
Competition within all of our markets is intense and is expected to remain so. Numerous competitors exist
 many of which are larger than us in size. These competitive conditions could lead to significant downward pressure on the prices of our products
Competitive considerations in the various product categories in which we sell are numerous and include price
 product innovation
 product quality
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity and the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences and trends. In order to protect existing market share or capture increased market share among our retail channels
 we may decide to increase our spending on marketing
 advertising and new product innovation. The success of marketing
 advertising and new product innovation is subject to risks
 including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance. As a result
We may be subject to product recalls or other claims for mislabeled
 adulterated
Our results of operations could be impacted by both genuine and fictitious claims regarding our products
 our competitors&#8217; products and our suppliers&#8217; products. Under adverse circumstances
 we may need to recall some of our products if they are
 or have the potential to be
 mislabeled
 adulterated or contaminated. Any of these circumstances could necessitate a recall due to a substantial product hazard
 a need to change a product&#8217;s labeling or out of an abundance of caution to avoid any potential product hazards. A pervasive product recall may have an adverse effect on our results of operations due to the costs of a recall
 related legal claims
 the destruction of product inventory
 lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time
 or a loss of customer and consumer sentiment. In addition
Any claim or product recall could stem from
 or result in
If we are required to defend against a product liability or other claim
 whether or not we are found liable under the claim
 we could incur substantial costs
In addition
 either a significant product recall or a product liability claim involving a competitor&#8217;s products or products in markets related to those in which we compete could result in a loss of consumer confidence in our products or our markets generally and could have a material impact on consumer demand
We rely on the value of the brands we sell
We rely on the success of our well-recognized brand names. Maintaining and enhancing our brand image and recognition is essential to our long-term success and maintaining license agreements under which we market and sell certain brands is important to our business. The failure to do either could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. We seek to maintain and enhance our brands through a variety of efforts
 including the delivery of quality products
 extending our brands into new markets and new products and investing in marketing and advertising. The costs of maintaining and enhancing our brands
 including maintaining our rights to brands under license agreements
 may increase
 and these increased costs could have a material adverse impact on our business
We manufacture and sell numerous products pursuant to brand license agreements
&#32;dressing
&#32;balsamic vinegar.  We believe that our relationships with our brand licensors are good
 but we cannot assure that we will be able to maintain those relationships.  Many of our brand license agreements can be terminated or not renewed at the option of the licensor upon short notice to us. The termination of our brand license agreements
 the failure to renew our brand license agreements on terms favorable to us
 or the impairment of our relationship with our brand licensors could have a material adverse effect on our sales
In addition
 we increasingly rely on electronic marketing
 such as social media platforms and the use of online marketing strategies
 to support and enhance our brands. This marketplace is growing and evolving quickly and allows for the rapid dissemination of information regarding our brands by us and consumers. We may not be able to successfully adapt our marketing efforts to this marketplace
 which could have a material adverse impact on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. Further
 negative opinions or commentary posted online regarding our brands could diminish the value of our brands and adversely affect our business
We rely on the performance of major retailers
 wholesalers
 food brokers
 distributors
 foodservice customers and mass merchants for the success of our business
 and should they perform poorly or give higher priority to other brands or products
We sell our products principally to retail outlets and foodservice customers
 including traditional supermarkets
 mass merchants
 warehouse clubs
 specialty food distributors
 foodservice distributors and national restaurant chain accounts. The replacement by or poor performance of our major wholesalers
 retailers or chains
 or our foodservice customers
 or our inability to collect accounts receivable from our customers
In addition
 many of our retail customers offer branded and private label products that compete directly with our products for shelf space and consumer purchases. Accordingly
We purchase a majority of our key raw materials on the open market. Our ability to avoid the adverse effects of a pronounced
 sustained price increase in our raw materials is limited. However
 we try to limit our exposure to price fluctuations for raw materials by periodically entering into longer-term
 fixed-price contracts for certain raw materials. Our principal raw-material needs include soybean oil
 various sweeteners
 eggs
 dairy-related products
 flour
 various films
 plastic and paper packaging materials and water. We have observed increased volatility in the costs of many of these raw materials in recent years. From 2007 through the first half of 2009
 and again in 2011 and 2012
 commodity markets for grain-based products on which our food products depend
 including dairy
 soybean oil and flour products
 rose significantly and were unusually volatile due to market concerns over weather
 disease
 grain-based fuel sources and worldwide demand. Further
Disruptions in availability and increased prices of raw materials could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The increase in the costs of raw materials used in our Specialty Foods segment during 2007 through 2009 and 2011 through 2012 had an adverse impact on our operating income. We took measures to offset the impact of these higher costs
 including the implementation of higher pricing. However
 we may experience further increases in the costs of raw materials
 and uncertainty exists as to our ability to implement offsetting measures. Such further increases
 as well as an inability to effectively implement additional measures to offset higher costs
We are subject to volatility in energy-related costs that affect the cost of producing our products
Our current manufacturing facilities may be inadequate to meet significantly increased demand for some of our food products. Our ability to increase our manufacturing capacity depends on many factors
 including the availability of capital
 steadily increasing consumer demand
 tool delivery
 construction lead-times
A lack of sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet demand could cause our customer order times to increase and our product quality and customer service levels to decrease
 which may negatively affect customer demand for our products and customer relations generally
 and which could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition
 operating our facilities at or near capacity may also increase our production and distribution costs and negatively affect relations with our employees
 which could result in higher employee turnover
 labor disputes
Because we source certain products from single manufacturing sites
 it is possible that we could experience a production disruption that results in a reduction or elimination of the availability of some of our products. Should we not be able to obtain alternate production capability in a timely manner
 a negative impact on our operations could result
The availability and cost of transportation for our products is vital to our success
Our ability to obtain adequate and reasonably priced methods of transportation to distribute our products is a key factor to our success. A substantial portion of our products requires the use of refrigerated trailers for shipping. Delays in transportation could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Further
 increased line haul costs due to industry capacity constraints and high fuel costs could also negatively impact our financial results. We are often required to pay fuel surcharges that fluctuate with the price of diesel fuel to third-party transporters of our products. These fuel surcharges can be substantial and would increase our cost of goods sold. If we were unable to pass those high costs to our customers in the form of price increases
We believe that our labor relations with unionized employees are satisfactory
We are also subject to risks of other business disruptions associated with our dependence on our production facilities and our distribution systems. Natural disasters
 terrorist activity or other events could interrupt our production or distribution and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations
We increasingly rely on information technology systems to process
 transmit
 and store electronic information. For example
 our sales group and our production and distribution facilities utilize information technology to increase efficiencies and limit costs. Furthermore
 a significant portion of the communications between our personnel
 customers
 and suppliers depends on information technology. Our information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions due to events beyond our control
 including
 but not limited to
 natural disasters
 terrorist attacks
 telecommunications failures
 computer viruses
 hackers
 cyber-based attacks and other security issues. If we are unable to adequately protect against these vulnerabilities
 our operations could be disrupted
We are subject to Federal
Our business operations are subject to regulation by various Federal
 state and local government entities and agencies. As a producer of food products for human consumption
 our operations are subject to stringent production
 packaging
 quality
 labeling and distribution standards
 including regulations promulgated under the Federal Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act and the Food Safety Modernization Act. We cannot predict whether future regulation by various Federal
In addition
 our business operations and the past and present ownership and operation of our properties
 including idle properties
 are subject to extensive and changing Federal
 state and local environmental laws and regulations pertaining to the discharge of materials into the environment
 the handling and disposition of wastes (including solid and hazardous wastes) or otherwise relating to protection of the environment. Although most of our properties have been subjected to periodic environmental assessments
We cannot assure that environmental issues relating to presently known matters or identified sites or to other matters or sites will not require additional
 currently unanticipated investigation
any material environmental liabilities or potential environmental liabilities in the future
Increased government regulations to limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions as a result of concern over climate change may result in increased compliance costs
 capital expenditures and other financial obligations for us. We use natural gas
 diesel fuel
 and electricity in the manufacture and distribution of our products. Legislation or regulations affecting these inputs could affect our profitability. In addition
We contribute to two multiemployer pension plans under certain union agreements that provide pension benefits to employees and retired employees who are part of the plan. Generally
 as a contributor
 we are responsible for making annual contributions to these plans and
 upon termination or withdrawal from a plan
 we are responsible for our proportionate share of the plan&#8217;s underfunded vested liability. The amount of our share for this liability can vary at any given time based upon a number of factors
 including our ability to renegotiate union contracts successfully
 current and future regulatory requirements
 the performance of the pension plan&#8217;s investments
 the number of participants who are entitled to receive benefits from the plan
 and the number of other contributors who participate in or withdraw from the plan. These factors may cause our required contributions to increase
 which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition
 should we choose to withdraw from a plan to which we contribute
From time to time
 we evaluate acquiring other businesses that would strategically fit within our various operations. If we are unable to consummate
 successfully integrate and grow these acquisitions and to realize contemplated revenue growth
 synergies and cost savings
 our financial results could be adversely affected. In addition
 we may
 from time to time
 divest businesses
 product lines or other operations that are less of a strategic fit within our portfolio or do not meet our growth or profitability targets. As a result
Further
 a buyer&#8217;s inability to fulfill contractual obligations that were assigned as part of a divestiture
 including those relating to customer contracts
 could lead to future financial loss on our part. In addition
 we may incur asset impairment or restructuring charges related to acquired or divested assets
 which may reduce our profitability and cash flows. These potential acquisitions or divestitures present financial
 managerial and operational challenges
 including diversion of management attention from ongoing businesses
 difficulty with integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems
 increased expenses
 assumption of unknown liabilities
Although we do not have any outstanding debt at this time
 we may incur indebtedness for a variety of reasons
 including acquisitions or potential changes in capitalization that might require significant cash expenditures. A consequence of such indebtedness could be a reduction in the level of our profitability due to higher interest expense. Depending on the future extent and availability of our borrowings
 we could also become more vulnerable to economic downturns
 require curtailment of cash dividends or share repurchases
 reduce or delay beneficial expansion or investment plans
 or otherwise be unable to meet our obligations when due. For more information regarding our debt
We did not record any restructuring and impairment charges for the three-year period ended June&#160;30
. Future events may occur though that could adversely affect the reported value of our assets and require impairment charges. Such events may include
 but are not limited to
 strategic decisions made in response to changes in economic and competitive conditions
 the impact of the economic environment on our customer base
The loss of the services of one or more members of our senior management team could have a material adverse effect on our business
Our operations and prospects depend in large part on the performance of our senior management team
 several of which are long-serving employees with significant knowledge of our business model and operations. Should we not be able to find qualified replacements for any of these individuals if their services were no longer available
Mr.&#160;Gerlach
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board of Directors
As of June&#160;30
 
&#32;of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Accordingly
 Mr.&#160;Gerlach has significant influence on all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of our common stock
 including the election of directors. Mr.&#160;Gerlach&#8217;s voting power also may have the effect of discouraging transactions involving an actual or a potential change of control of our Company
Certain provisions of our charter documents
 including provisions limiting the ability of shareholders to raise matters at a meeting of shareholders without giving advance notice and provisions classifying our Board of Directors
 may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us or influence our Board of Directors. This may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes of control or management
Additionally
 Ohio corporate law contains certain provisions that could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control. The Ohio Control Share Acquisition Act found in Chapter 1701 of the Ohio Revised Code provides that certain notice and informational filings and a special shareholder meeting and voting procedures must be followed prior to consummation of a proposed &#8220;control share acquisition
&#8221; as defined in the Ohio Revised Code. Assuming compliance with the prescribed notice and information filings
 a proposed control share acquisition may be accomplished only if
 at a special meeting of shareholders
 the acquisition is approved by both a majority of the voting power represented at the meeting and a majority of the voting power remaining after excluding the combined voting power of the &#8220;interested shares
&#8221; as defined in the Ohio Revised Code. The Interested Shareholder Transactions Act found in Chapter 1704 of the Ohio Revised Code generally prohibits certain transactions
 including mergers
 majority share acquisitions and certain other control transactions
 with an &#8220;interested shareholder
&#8221; as defined in the Ohio Revised Code
 for a three-year period after becoming an interested shareholder
 unless our Board of Directors approved the initial acquisition. After the three-year waiting period
 such a transaction may require additional approvals under this Act
 including approval by two-thirds of our voting shares and a majority of our voting shares not owned by the interested shareholder. The application of these provisions of the Ohio Revised Code
 or any similar anti-takeover law adopted in Ohio
 could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control
Also
 our Board of Directors has the authority to issue up to 1
150
000 shares of Class B Voting Preferred Stock and 1
150
000 shares of Class C Nonvoting Preferred Stock and to determine the price
 rights
 preferences
 privileges and restrictions of those shares without any further vote or action by the shareholders. The rights of the holders of our common stock may be subject to
 and may be adversely affected by
 the rights of the holders of any Class B Voting Preferred Stock and Class C Nonvoting Preferred Stock that may be issued in the future. The Company could use these rights to put in place a shareholder rights plan
 or &#8220;poison pill
We may need financing in the future to conduct our operations
 expand our business
 or refinance future indebtedness. Disruptions in global financial markets and banking systems may make credit and capital markets more difficult for companies to access
From time to time
 we may rely on access to financial markets as a source of liquidity for working capital requirements
 acquisitions
institutions under our revolving credit facility are several and not joint and
 as a result
Long-term volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty
 changing or increased regulation of financial institutions
 reduced alternatives
&#32;square feet of space for our operations. Of this space
The following table summarizes our locations that in total exceed 75
Altoona
Bedford Heights
Columbus
Sauces
 dressings
 dips
Grove City
Horse Cave
Sauces
 dressings
 dips
Luverne
Milpitas
Wareham
From time to time we are a party to various legal proceedings. While we believe that the ultimate outcome of these various proceedings
 individually and in the aggregate
 will not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements
 litigation is always subject to inherent uncertainties
 and unfavorable rulings could occur. An unfavorable ruling could include monetary damages or an injunction prohibiting us from manufacturing or selling one or more products or could lead to us altering the manner in which we manufacture or sell one or more products
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Includes special cash dividend of $5.00 per common share. This dividend was approved by our Board of Directors on November&#160;19
 2012 and was paid on December&#160;28
 2012 to shareholders of record on December&#160;10
August&#160;8
 2014
 and there were over 10
000 street-name holders whose shares were held by banks
 brokers and other financial institutions. The highest and lowest prices for our common stock from July&#160;1
August&#160;8
We have paid dividends for 204 consecutive quarters. Future dividends will depend on our earnings
Our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase authorization of 2
000
1
426
&#32;shares from this authorization remained authorized for future purchase at June&#160;30
. This share repurchase authorization does not have a stated expiration date. In the fourth quarter
April 1-30
1
425
May 1-31
1
425
June 1-30
1
425
1
425
OF LANCASTER COLONY CORPORATION
The graph set forth below compares the five-year cumulative total return from investing $100 on June&#160;30
&#32;in each of our Common Stock
Years Ended June&#160;30
1
041
1
013
988
922
893
248
244
223
223
245
153
153
141
143
164
52
49
48
48
55
100
103
92
94
109
638
619
682
622
586
Property
168
168
161
161
140
15
23
15
34
11
18
17
17
15
15
528
501
564
517
484
27
27
27
27
28
Our fiscal year begins on July&#160;1 and ends on June&#160;30. Unless otherwise noted
 references to &#8220;year&#8221; pertain to our fiscal year; for example
 
 which is the period from July&#160;1
&#32;to June&#160;30
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the &#8220;Selected Financial Data&#8221; and our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto
 all included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The forward-looking statements in this section and other parts of this report involve risks and uncertainties including statements regarding our plans
 objectives
 goals
 strategies
Presently
We also manufactured and marketed candles for the food
 drug and mass markets until that business was sold on January 30
 2014. While much less significant
 we also previously sold candles
 glassware and various other products to customers in certain commercial markets. These commercial product lines were sold in May 2013. The financial results of these operations
 previously included in our Glassware and Candles segment
Within the Specialty Foods segment
In retail markets
Our foodservice sales primarily consist of products sold to restaurant chains
 either directly or through distributors. Over the long-term
 we have experienced broad-based growth in our foodservice sales
We expect that part of our future growth in the Specialty Foods segment will result from acquisitions. We continue to review potential acquisitions that we believe will provide good complements to our existing product lines
As has occasionally been required to support future growth opportunities
 we have historically made substantial capital investments to support our existing food operations. For example
 in 2013 we expanded our crouton manufacturing capacity to provide capacity for potential future sales growth as well as improve operating efficiencies.  We are currently in the midst of a significant processing capacity expansion at our Horse Cave
 Kentucky dressing facility to help meet demand for our dressing products. Based on our current plans and expectations
$1
041 million
$1
014 million
Net income
 which reflected an after-tax loss on the sale of our candle manufacturing and marketing operations of 
 totaled approximately 
&#32;per diluted share
 compared to net income of 
&#32;per diluted share
 in 
 or 
 we anticipate volume-driven growth from both retail and foodservice sales channels. We will also continue to review acquisition opportunities within the Specialty Foods segment that are consistent with our growth strategy and represent good value or otherwise provide significant strategic benefits. However
Based on current market conditions
. However
 as witnessed in 
 the lower trends in material costs will be offset
 in part
 by some lower pricing in our foodservice business. Future changes in the climate
 economy and regulatory environment could influence these costs. To help offset or stabilize material costs
 we have historically pursued various pricing actions and operational strategies that we believe will aid our future results. We continue to limit some of our exposure to volatile swings in food commodity costs through a structured purchasing program for certain key materials. Changes in other recurring costs
 such as marketing
 transportation or operational expenses
For a more-detailed discussion of the effect of commodity costs
We will continue to periodically reassess our allocation of capital to ensure that we maintain adequate operating flexibility while providing appropriate levels of cash returns to our shareholders
 whether through share repurchases or cash dividends
 including special dividends
Year Ended June&#160;30
1
041
1
013
988
27
24
248
244
223
3
21
Consolidated net sales for the year ended June&#160;30
$1
$1
. In general
 the overall increase was driven by higher sales volumes for both retail and foodservice. For our sales to the retail channel
 which increased approximately 2%
 growth was achieved among several non-frozen product lines
 including salad dressings and croutons.  Sales of products for national account customers drove most of the increase of approximately 3% in foodservice sales
 although this was offset in part by lower pricing to these customers.  As measured by pounds shipped
 total volume for the segment is estimated to have improved by approximately 4%. In 
. Similarly
 the impact of pricing was slight on retail sales
 although trade promotional intensity increased
 in part to support a greater investment in new product introductions.  As a percentage of net sales
&#32;gross margin percentage reflected the improved sales volumes and favorable ingredient costs (especially for soybean oil
 sweeteners and eggs)
 but these benefits were offset by increased trade promotion costs
 which included increased costs related to new product introductions
 and lower pricing in the foodservice channel
 as well as increased distribution costs and plant inefficiencies. We estimate that lower material costs beneficially affected results by approximately 1% of net sales.
 net sales exceeded $1 billion for the first time
$1
014 million
. The increase primarily reflected higher retail and foodservice sales volumes. As measured by pounds shipped
 volume is estimated to have improved by approximately 1% and was derived primarily from sales to the foodservice channel. The retail net sales increase of approximately 3% reflected the incremental benefit from some recently introduced food products
. As a percentage of sales
 sales of retail products remained relatively unchanged at approximately 52%.
 reflecting factors such as modestly improved sales volumes
 beneficial pricing actions and favorable ingredient costs (especially for soybean oil
Selling
Year Ended June&#160;30
94
90
82
4
8
Selling
 general and administrative expenses for 
Year Ended June&#160;30
165
165
151
14
(11
(11
(10
(1
153
153
141
12
Due to the factors discussed above
 the Specialty Foods segment's operating income for 
&#32;increase was influenced by greater costs associated with personnel
Due to nominal interest rates earned by us on our cash balances and our capital structure
 interest income is immaterial to our operations. Interest income and other was a net 
 
 
As affected by the factors discussed above
 our income from continuing operations before income taxes for 
 
 
&#32;effective rate
 compared to 
 was influenced by an increased deduction for dividends paid to our frozen ESOP Plan due to the $5.00 per share special dividend paid in December 2012
 a higher qualified production activities deduction and a lower state rate
As a result of comparable levels of operating income and the changes in the effective tax rates discussed above
June&#160;30
 2014
&#32;have remained relatively stable. As a result
 and due to the change in income from continuing operations for each year
 diluted income from continuing operations per share totaled 
 
 
 respectively.
 we recorded a loss from discontinued operations of approximately 
 net of tax
&#32;per diluted share
. Income from discontinued operations
 net of tax
 was approximately 
 we recorded income from discontinued operations of approximately 
&#32;per diluted share
As influenced by factors discussed above
 net income for 
 which had 
We need to maintain sufficient flexibility in our future capital structure in order to ensure that our capitalization is adequate to support our future internal growth prospects
 acquire food businesses consistent with our strategic goals
 and maintain cash returns to our shareholders through cash dividends and share repurchases.  Our balance sheet retained fundamental financial strength during 
&#32;in cash and equivalents
Under our unsecured revolving credit facility (&#8220;Facility&#8221;)
 we may borrow up to a maximum of $120&#160;million at any one time. Loans may be used for general corporate purposes. We had no borrowings outstanding under this Facility at June&#160;30
. At June&#160;30
 
&#32;of standby letters of credit outstanding
 which reduced the amount available for borrowing on the Facility. The Facility expires in April 2017
 and all outstanding amounts are then due and payable. Interest is variable based upon formulas tied to LIBOR or an alternative base rate defined in the credit agreement
 at our option. We must also pay facility fees that are tied to our then-applicable consolidated leverage ratio. Based on the long-term nature of this Facility
 when we have outstanding borrowings under this Facility
The Facility contains certain restrictive covenants
 including limitations on indebtedness
 asset sales and acquisitions
 and financial covenants relating to interest coverage and leverage. At June&#160;30
 
 we were in compliance with all applicable provisions and covenants of the Facility
We currently expect to remain in compliance with the Facility&#8217;s covenants for the foreseeable future. However
 a default under the Facility could accelerate the repayment of any outstanding indebtedness and limit our access to additional credit available under the Facility. Such an event could require curtailment of cash dividends or share repurchases
 reduce or delay beneficial expansion or investment plans
 or otherwise impact our ability to meet our obligations when due. At June&#160;30
 
We believe that internally generated funds and our existing balances in cash and equivalents
 in addition to our currently available bank credit arrangements
. If we were to borrow outside of our Facility under current market terms
Year Ended June&#160;30
129
131
122
(2
9
8
(22
(16
30
(5
(49
(177
(46
128
(131
076
 a decrease of 
&#32;operating cash flow was impacted by the sale of our candle manufacturing and marketing operations on January 30
 2014. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding this sale. Cash provided by operating activities was also impacted by the relative changes in working capital
&#32;increase in cash provided by investing activities is due to the proceeds from the sale of our candle manufacturing and marketing operations
 as well as a decrease in capital expenditures. The 
 including expenditures for expanded crouton manufacturing capacity. Capital expenditures totaled approximately 
. Based on our current plans and expectations
 we believe that our total capital expenditures for 
 
 
&#32;per share
 excluding the special dividend
 during 
 
 
 respectively. Our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase authorization of 2
000
1
426
&#32;shares from this authorization remained authorized for future purchase at June&#160;30
The future levels of share repurchases and declared dividends are subject to the periodic review of our Board of Directors and are generally determined after an assessment is made of various factors
 such as anticipated earnings levels
Our ongoing business activities continue to be subject to compliance with various laws
 rules and regulations as may be issued and enforced by various Federal
 state and local agencies. With respect to environmental matters
 costs are incurred pertaining to regulatory compliance and
 upon occasion
 remediation. Such costs have not been
 and are not anticipated to become
We are contingently liable with respect to lawsuits
 taxes and various other matters that routinely arise in the normal course of business. We do not have any related party transactions that materially affect our results of operations
OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
We do not have off-balance sheet arrangements
 financings
 or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons
 also known as &#8220;Variable Interest Entities
&#8221; that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
We have various contractual obligations that are appropriately recorded as liabilities in our consolidated financial statements. Certain other items
 such as purchase obligations
 are not recognized as liabilities in our consolidated financial statements. Examples of items not recognized as liabilities in our consolidated financial statements are commitments to purchase raw materials or inventory that has not yet been received as of June&#160;30
The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of June&#160;30
11
4
4
2
123
120
3
1
1
136
124
9
2
Purchase obligations represent purchase orders and longer-term purchase arrangements related to the procurement of raw materials
 supplies
 services
 and property
This amount does not include approximately $21.0&#160;million of other noncurrent liabilities recorded on the balance sheet
 which consist of the underfunded pension liability
 other post employment benefit obligations
 tax liabilities
 noncurrent workers compensation obligations
 deferred compensation and interest on deferred compensation. These items are excluded
 as it is not certain when these liabilities will become due. See Notes 6
 8
In recent years
 we have been exposed to significant fluctuations in certain manufacturing input costs
 including materials such as food commodities. In 
 these fluctuations were not as significant
 but in 
 we experienced comparatively higher costs for a wide variety of raw materials (especially for soybean oil and flour). Entering 
 under current market conditions
This MD&amp;A discusses our consolidated financial statements
 which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate our estimates and judgments
 including
 but not limited to
 those related to accounts receivable
 inventories
 marketing and distribution costs
 asset impairments and self-insurance reserves. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances
are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Historically
 the aggregate differences
 if any
 between our estimates and actual amounts in any year have typically not had a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. While a summary of our significant accounting policies can be found in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements
 we believe the following critical accounting policies
 among others
We recognize revenue upon transfer of title and risk of loss
 provided that evidence of an arrangement exists
 pricing is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is probable. Net sales are recorded net of estimated sales discounts
 returns
 marketing programs offered to customers and certain other sales incentives
We provide an allowance for doubtful accounts based on the aging of accounts receivable balances
 historical write-off experience and on-going reviews of our trade receivables. Measurement of potential losses requires credit review of existing customer relationships
 consideration of historical loss experience
 including the need to adjust for current conditions
 and judgments about the probable effects of relevant observable data
 including present economic conditions such as delinquency rates and the economic health of customers. In addition to credit concerns
When necessary
 we provide allowances to adjust the carrying value of our inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value
 including any costs to sell or dispose. The determination of whether inventory items are slow moving
 obsolete or in excess of needs requires estimates about the future demand for our products. The estimates as to future demand used in the valuation of inventory are subject to the ongoing success of our products and may differ from actual due to such factors as changes in customer and consumer demand. A decrease in product demand due to changing customer tastes
We monitor the recoverability of the carrying value of our long-lived assets by periodically considering whether indicators of impairment are present. If such indicators are present
 we determine if the assets are recoverable by comparing the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows to the assets&#8217; carrying amounts. Our cash flows are based on historical results adjusted to reflect our best estimate of future market and operating conditions. If the carrying amounts are greater
 then the assets are not recoverable. In that instance
Goodwill is not amortized. It is evaluated annually at April&#160;30
 by applying impairment testing procedures
 as appropriate. Other intangible assets with lives restricted by contractual
 legal
Various marketing programs are offered to customers to reimburse them for a portion or all of their promotional activities related to our products. Additionally
Our annual tax rate is determined based on our income
 statutory tax rates and the permanent tax impacts of items treated differently for tax purposes than for financial reporting purposes. Tax law requires certain items be included in the tax return at different times than the items are reflected in the financial statements. Some of these differences are permanent
 such as expenses that are not deductible in our tax return
 and some differences are temporary
 reversing over time
In accordance with accounting literature related to uncertainty in income taxes
 tax benefits from uncertain tax positions that are recognized in the financial statements are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Considerable management judgment is necessary to assess the inherent uncertainties related to the interpretations of complex tax laws
 regulations
 and taxing authority rulings
 as well as to the expiration of statutes of limitations in the jurisdictions in which we operate.  If our evaluation of these factors should change in any period
 there is a risk our effective tax rate could increase or decrease
Self-insurance accruals are made for certain claims associated with employee health care
To determine our ultimate obligation under our defined benefit pension plans and our other postretirement benefit plans
 we must estimate the future cost of benefits and attribute that cost to the time period during which each covered employee works. To record the related net assets and obligation of such benefit plans
 we use assumptions related to inflation
 investment returns
 mortality
 employee turnover
 medical costs and discount rates. To determine the discount rate
 we
 along with our third-party actuaries
 considered several factors
 including the current rates of various bond indices
 such as the Moody&#8217;s Aa long-term bond index
 yield curve analysis results from our actuaries based on expected cash flows of our plans
 and the past history of discount rates used for the plan valuation. We
 along with our third-party actuaries
In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2014-09
&#8221; (&#8220;ASU 14-09&#8221;) which creates a comprehensive set of guidelines for the recognition of revenue under the principle: &#8220;Recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.&#8221; The requirements of ASU 14-09 are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
We desire to take advantage of the &#8220;safe harbor&#8221; provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the &#8220;PSLRA&#8221;). This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains various &#8220;forward-looking statements&#8221; within the meaning of the PSLRA and other applicable securities laws. Such statements can be identified by the use of the forward-looking words &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;hope&#8221; or similar words. These statements discuss future expectations; contain projections regarding future developments
forward-looking information. Such statements are based upon assumptions and assessments made by us in light of our experience and perception of historical trends
 current conditions
 expected future developments and other factors we believe to be appropriate. These forward-looking statements involve various important risks
 uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ as a result of factors over which we have no
 or limited
 control including
 without limitation
 the specific influences outlined below. Management believes these forward-looking statements to be reasonable; however
 one should not place undue reliance on such statements that are based on current expectations. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made
 and we undertake no obligation to update such forward-looking statements
Items which could impact these forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to
changes in demand for our products
adverse changes in energy costs and other factors that may affect costs of producing
the impact of fluctuations in our pension plan asset values on funding levels
certain other risk factors
 including those discussed in other filings we have submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 we had no borrowings outstanding under our credit facility. The nature and amount of our borrowings may vary as a result of business requirements
 acquisitions
We purchase a variety of commodities and other raw materials
 such as soybean oil
 flour and dairy-based materials
 which we use to manufacture our products. The market prices for these commodities are subject to fluctuation based upon a number of economic factors and may become volatile at times. While we do not use any derivative commodity instruments to hedge against commodity price risk
 we do actively manage a portion of the risk through a structured purchasing program for certain future requirements. This program gives us more predictable input costs
Columbus
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Lancaster Colony Corporation and subsidiaries (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of June&#160;30
 2014 and 2013
 and the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 shareholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June&#160;30
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
In our opinion
 such consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of June&#160;30
 2014 and 2013
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June&#160;30
 2014
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also
 in our opinion
 such financial statement schedule
 when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole
 presents fairly
 in all material respects
We have also audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of June&#160;30
 2014
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated August&#160;28
 2014
Columbus
August&#160;28
June 30
(Amounts in thousands
211
123
Receivables (less allowance for doubtful accounts
57
56
28
25
46
42
74
67
23
22
55
367
326
Property
Land
107
105
238
227
346
333
177
165
Property
168
168
89
89
5
6
7
7
22
638
619
37
36
31
32
8
69
77
22
23
18
18
Preferred stock-authorized 3
050
Common stock-authorized 75
000
000 shares; outstanding - 2014-27
339
421 shares; 2013-27
323
104
102
1
167
1
139
(8
(8
Common stock in treasury
(735
(732
528
501
638
619
Years Ended June 30
(Amounts in thousands
1
041
1
013
988
792
769
765
248
244
223
Selling
94
90
82
153
153
141
153
153
141
52
49
48
100
103
92
Discontinued Operations
3
5
3
(29
(26
5
3
74
109
95
27
27
27
27
27
27
Years Ended June 30
74
109
95
Net gain (loss) arising during the period
5
(8
Amortization of loss
Amortization of transition asset
Amortization of prior service asset
Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
5
(8
Net gain (loss) arising during the period
(1
3
Amortization of loss
Amortization of transition asset
Amortization of prior service asset
(2
3
Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
3
(5
75
113
90
Years Ended June 30
74
109
95
20
20
20
2
1
5
2
2
2
44
(1
(6
1
(8
1
(1
2
(2
(5
5
(7
2
129
131
122
(15
(24
(16
2
25
(1
(1
(1
8
(22
(16
(3
(8
(46
(178
(38
1
(49
(177
(46
88
(68
59
123
191
132
211
123
191
(Amounts in thousands
Balance
 June 30
27
97
1
150
(7
(723
517
95
95
Net pension and postretirement benefit losses
 net of ($3
(5
(5
(38
(38
(8
(8
Stock-based plans
2
2
Balance
 June 30
27
100
1
208
(12
(731
564
109
109
Net pension and postretirement benefit gains
 net of $2
3
3
(178
(178
Stock-based plans
2
2
Balance
 June 30
27
102
1
139
(8
(732
501
74
74
Net pension and postretirement benefit gains
(46
(46
(3
(3
Stock-based plans
2
2
Balance
 June&#160;30
27
104
1
167
(8
(735
528
(Tabular amounts in thousands
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Lancaster Colony Corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiaries
 collectively referred to as &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; &#8220;registrant
&#8221; or the &#8220;Company.&#8221; Intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation. Our fiscal year begins on July&#160;1 and ends on June&#160;30. Unless otherwise noted
 references to &#8220;year&#8221; pertain to our fiscal year; for example
 
 which is the period from July&#160;1
&#32;to June&#160;30
On January 30
 2014
 we sold effectively all of the net operating assets of our candle manufacturing and marketing operations. The financial results of these operations are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented herein. The footnote presentation has been revised to remove the effect of the discontinued operations
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Significant estimates included in these consolidated financial statements include allowance for doubtful accounts receivable
 net realizable value of inventories
 useful lives for the calculation of depreciation and amortization
 impairments of long-lived assets
 accruals for marketing and merchandising programs
 tax contingency reserves for uncertain tax positions
 pension and postretirement assumptions
We consider all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The carrying amounts of our cash and equivalents
 including money market funds and commercial paper
 approximate fair value due to their short maturities and are considered level 1 investments
 which have quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets. As a result of our cash management system
 checks issued but not presented to the banks for payment may create negative book cash balances. When such negative balances exist
The carrying amounts of our accounts receivable approximate fair value. We provide an allowance for doubtful accounts based on the aging of accounts receivable balances
 historical write-off experience and on-going reviews of our trade receivables. Measurement of potential losses requires credit review of existing customer relationships
 consideration of historical effects of relevant observable data
 including present economic conditions such as delinquency rates
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and equivalents and trade accounts receivable. By policy
 we limit the amount of credit exposure to any one institution or issuer. Our concentration of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivable is mitigated by our credit evaluation process and by having a large and diverse customer base. However
 see Note 13 with respect to our accounts receivable with Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. and McLane Company
 Inc.
 a wholesale distribution subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market and are costed by various methods that approximate actual cost on a first-in
 first-out basis. Due to the nature of our business
(Tabular amounts in thousands
Property
Property
&#32;years. For tax purposes
Purchases of property
2
17
16
15
We monitor the recoverability of the carrying value of our long-lived assets by periodically considering whether indicators of impairment are present. If such indicators are present
 we determine if the assets are recoverable by comparing the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows to the assets&#8217; carrying amounts. Our cash flows are based on historical results adjusted to reflect our best estimate of future market and operating conditions. If the carrying amounts are greater
 then the assets are not recoverable. In that instance
Goodwill is not amortized. It is evaluated annually at April&#160;30
 by applying impairment testing procedures
 as appropriate. Other intangible assets with lives restricted by contractual
 legal
Various marketing programs are offered to customers to reimburse them for a portion or all of their promotional activities related to our products. Additionally
Self-insurance accruals are made for certain claims associated with employee health care
3
050
750
&#32;par value
1
150
1
150
2
000
1
426
&#32;shares remained authorized for future purchase at June&#160;30
(Tabular amounts in thousands
We recognize revenue upon transfer of title and risk of loss
 provided that evidence of an arrangement exists
 pricing is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is probable. Net sales are recorded net of estimated sales discounts
 returns and certain sales incentives
Shipping and handling fees billed to customers are included in net sales
We account for our stock-based employee compensation plans in accordance with GAAP for stock-based compensation
 which requires the measurement and recognition of the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. The cost of the employee services is recognized as compensation expense over the period that an employee provides service in exchange for the award
Our income tax expense
Our annual tax rate is determined based on our income
 statutory tax rates and the permanent tax impacts of items treated differently for tax purposes than for financial reporting purposes. Tax law requires certain items be included in the tax return at different times than the items are reflected in the financial statements. Some of these differences are permanent
 such as expenses that are not deductible in our tax return
 and some differences are temporary
 reversing over time
 such as depreciation expense. These temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Realization of certain deferred tax assets is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods. Although realization is not assured
 management believes it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be realized and thus we have not recorded any valuation allowance for the years ended June&#160;30
In accordance with accounting literature related to uncertainty in income taxes
Changes in tax laws and rates could also affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. Management is not aware of any such changes that would have a material effect on our results of operations
Earnings per share (&#8220;EPS&#8221;) is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock and common stock equivalents (restricted stock and stock-settled stock appreciation rights) outstanding during each period. Unvested shares of restricted stock granted to employees are considered participating securities since employees receive nonforfeitable dividends prior to vesting and
 therefore
(Tabular amounts in thousands
shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period
100
103
92
100
103
92
27
27
27
27
27
27
(8
(12
5
Total other comprehensive income
5
(2
Other comprehensive income
3
(8
(8
In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2014-09
(Tabular amounts in thousands
customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.&#8221; The requirements of ASU 14-09 are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
On January 30
 2014
&#32;in cash. Net proceeds from the sale
 after post-closing adjustments and transaction costs
 totaled approximately 
June&#160;30
. The financial results of these operations are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented herein. The discontinued operations
 previously included in our Glassware and Candles segment
 had net sales of approximately 
 
 for the years ended June&#160;30
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 and a pretax loss of approximately 
 including the pretax loss on sale
 for the year ended June 30
 2014
&#32;for the years ended June&#160;30
 2013 and 2012
At June 30
 2013
June 30
14
41
55
Property
21
22
78
5
2
8
&#32;at June&#160;30
(Tabular amounts in thousands
The following table summarizes our identifiable other intangible assets
 all included in the Specialty Foods segment
13
13
(7
(6
5
6
5
6
1
19
19
6
6
1
1
1
1
2
3
31
32
(Tabular amounts in thousands
9
9
2
3
2
2
4
3
2
3
22
23
At June&#160;30
 
 we had an unsecured credit facility (&#8220;Facility&#8221;) under which we may borrow
 on a revolving credit basis
&#32;at any one time
April&#160;18
 2017
 and all outstanding amounts are then due and payable. Interest is variable based upon formulas tied to LIBOR or an alternative base rate defined in the credit agreement
 at our option. We must also pay facility fees that are tied to our then-applicable consolidated leverage ratio. Loans may be used for general corporate purposes. Based on the long-term nature of this Facility
 when we have outstanding borrowings under this Facility
At June&#160;30
 
&#32;borrowings outstanding under this Facility. At June&#160;30
 
&#32;of standby letters of credit outstanding
. At June&#160;30
 
 we exceeded the requirements of the financial covenants by substantial margins. At June&#160;30
 
The Facility contains certain restrictive covenants
 including limitations on indebtedness
 asset sales and acquisitions. There are two principal financial covenants: an interest expense test that requires us to maintain an interest coverage ratio not less than 2.5 to 1 at the end of each fiscal quarter; and an indebtedness test that requires us to maintain a consolidated leverage ratio not greater than 3 to 1 at all times. The interest coverage ratio is calculated by dividing Consolidated EBIT (as defined more specifically in the credit agreement) by Consolidated Interest Expense (as defined more specifically in the credit agreement)
48
45
39
4
3
4
53
48
43
Deferred Federal
1
5
52
49
48
1
(Tabular amounts in thousands
For the years ended June&#160;30
2
10
11
4
4
2
3
18
21
Property
(21
(21
(4
(3
(25
(25
(7
(4
Net current deferred tax assets and prepaid Federal
11
13
Prepaid Federal
9
7
37
56
38
The gross tax contingency reserve at June&#160;30
. The unrecognized tax benefits recorded as the gross tax contingency reserve noted in the following table for June&#160;30
&#32;would affect our effective tax rate
(Tabular amounts in thousands
Balance
1
(1
Balance
We have not classified any of the gross tax contingency reserve at June&#160;30
&#32;was included in long-term liabilities. We expect that the amount of these liabilities will change within the next 12 months; however
We recognize interest and penalties related to these tax liabilities in income tax expense. For each of the years ended June&#160;30
We file income tax returns in the U.S. and various state and local jurisdictions. With limited exceptions
. In accordance with FASB guidance
 this deduction is treated as a special deduction
2
000
&#32;common shares for issuance to our employees and directors
 and all awards granted under the 2005 Plan will be exercisable at prices not less than fair market value as of the date of the grant. The vesting period for awards granted under the 2005 Plan varies as to the type of award granted
(Tabular amounts in thousands
 except per share data)
 
For each grant
 the volatility factor was estimated based on actual historical volatility of our stock for a time period equal to the term of the SSSARs. The expected average life was determined based on historical exercise experience for this type of grant. The SSSARs from each grant vest one-third on the first anniversary of the grant date
We recognize compensation expense over the requisite service period. Compensation expense was reflected in Cost of Sales or Selling
1
1
1
2
1
1
1
1
(Tabular amounts in thousands
The following table summarizes the activity relating to SSSARs granted under the 2005 Plan for the year ended June&#160;30
6
2
5
The following table summarizes information about the SSSARs outstanding by grant year at June&#160;30
At June&#160;30
 
 there was approximately 
 
2
1
The restricted stock under each of these employee grants vests on the third anniversary of the grant date. We estimate a forfeiture rate for each grant based on historical experience. Under the terms of the grants
6
000
23
6
000
 
(Tabular amounts in thousands
 except per share data)
 
-year period
7
000
7
8
000
 
 respectively
We recognize compensation expense over the requisite service period. Compensation expense was reflected in Cost of Sales or Selling
1
1
1
1
The following table summarizes the activity relating to restricted stock granted under the 2005 Plan for the year ended June&#160;30
At June&#160;30
 
We sponsor multiple defined benefit pension plans that have covered certain union workers. However
 as a result of prior-years&#8217; restructuring activities
 for all periods presented
(Tabular amounts in thousands
At the end of the year
 we discount our plan liabilities using an assumed discount rate. In estimating this rate
 we
 along with our third-party actuaries
 review the timing of future benefit payments
 bond indices
In determining the long-term expected return on plan assets
 we consider our related investment guidelines
 our expectations of long-term rates of return by asset category
 our target asset allocation weighting and historical rates of return and volatility for equity and fixed income investments. The investment strategy for plan assets is to control and manage investment risk through diversification among asset classes
 investment managers/funds and investment styles.&#160;The plans&#8217; investment guidelines have been designed to meet the intended objective that plan assets earn at least nominal returns equal to or in excess of the plans&#8217; liability growth rate.&#160;In consideration of the current average age of the plans&#8217; participants
Our target asset allocations are maintained through ongoing review and periodic rebalancing of equity and fixed income investments with assistance from an independent outside investment consultant. Also
 the plan assets are diversified among asset classes
(Tabular amounts in thousands
The following table summarizes the fair values and levels
 within the fair value hierarchy
 for our plan assets at June&#160;30
June 30
3
3
2
2
2
2
8
8
20
20
29
8
38
June&#160;30
4
4
2
2
1
1
8
8
18
18
27
8
36
The plan assets classified at Level 1 include money market funds
The plan assets classified at Level 2 include fixed income securities consisting of government securities
 corporate obligations
 mortgage obligations and other asset backed securities. For these types of securities
 market prices are observable for identical or similar investment securities but not readily accessible for each of those investments individually at the measurement date. For these assets
 we obtain pricing information from an independent pricing service. The pricing service uses various pricing models for each asset class that are consistent with what other market participants would use. The inputs and assumptions to the model of the pricing service are derived from market observable sources including as applicable: benchmark yields
 reported trades
 broker/dealer quotes
 issuer spreads
 prepayment speed assumptions
 attributes of the collateral
 yield or price of bonds of comparable structure and quality
(Tabular amounts in thousands
39
44
1
1
2
(4
(2
(2
41
39
36
35
4
3
(2
(2
38
36
(2
(3
(2
(3
(2
(3
41
39
The following table discloses
 in the aggregate
38
36
35
32
13
14
(5
(5
8
8
(Tabular amounts in thousands
1
1
1
(2
(2
(2
397
 but
 based on initial estimates
2
2
2
2
2
12
We and certain of our operating subsidiaries provide multiple postretirement medical and life insurance benefit plans. We recognize the cost of benefits as the employees render service. Postretirement benefits are funded as incurred. At the end of the year
 we discount our plan liabilities using an assumed discount rate. In estimating this rate
 we
 along with our third-party actuaries
 review the projected timing of future benefit payments
 bond indices
(Tabular amounts in thousands
2
3
2
2
(2
(2
(2
(2
2
2
(Tabular amounts in thousands
 except per share data)
 and immaterial amounts for 
 that are presented in discontinued operations because those amounts relate to sold operations. In 
Effect on postretirement benefit obligation as of June&#160;30
(Tabular amounts in thousands
. Contributions are determined under various formulas
Certain of our subsidiaries participate in multiemployer plans that provide pension benefits to retiree union workers at such locations. These plans generally provide for retirement
 death and/or termination benefits for eligible employees within the applicable collective bargaining agreement
 based on specific eligibility/participation requirements
 vesting periods and benefit formulas. The risks of participating in these multiemployer plans are different from single-employer plans in the following aspects: 1) assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers
 2) if a participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers and 3) if we choose to stop participating in any of our multiemployer plans
 we may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan
Our participation in these plans for the annual period ended June&#160;30
&#32;is reflected in the following table. All information in the table is as of December&#160;31 of the relevant year
 except contributions which are based on our fiscal year
 or except as otherwise noted. The EIN-PN column provides the Employer Identification Number (&#8220;EIN&#8221;) and the Plan Number (&#8220;PN&#8221;). The pension protection act zone status is based on information that we received from the plan. Among other factors
 generally
 plans in critical status (red zone) are less than 65 percent funded
 plans in endangered or seriously endangered status (yellow zone or orange zone
 respectively) are less than 80 percent funded
 and plans at least 80 percent funded are said to be in the green zone. The FIP/RP status pending/implemented column indicates plans for which a funding improvement plan (&#8220;FIP&#8221;) or a rehabilitation plan (&#8220;RP&#8221;) is either pending or has been implemented by the trustees of each plan. There have been no significant changes that affect the comparability of 
Yes
1
1
1
1
1
1
Through December 31
 2012
Our contributions to the Cleveland Bakers and Teamsters Pension Fund exceeded 5% of the total contributions to the plan in the plan years ended December&#160;31
 
(Tabular amounts in thousands
3
3
3
We offer a deferred compensation plan for select employees who may elect to defer a certain percentage of annual compensation. We do not match any contributions. Each participant earns interest based upon the prime rate of interest
 adjusted semi-annually
4
3
We have operating leases with initial noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year covering the rental of various facilities and equipment
. Certain of these leases contain renewal options
4
2
1
1
1
Total rent expense
 including short-term cancelable leases
5
4
4
1
1
5
5
6
In addition to the items discussed below
 at June&#160;30
 
 we were a party to various claims and litigation matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Such matters did not have a material effect on the current-year results of operations and
 in our opinion
(Tabular amounts in thousands
&#32;employees represented under collective bargaining agreements that will expire within one year. While we believe that labor relations with unionized employees are satisfactory
 a prolonged labor dispute could have a material effect on our business and results of operations.
 
 
As of January 30
 2014
 we sold substantially all of the net operating assets of our candle manufacturing and marketing operations to an unaffiliated buyer. While we retained the right to seek further CDSOA remittances relating to past periods
 we are currently unaware of any funds made available to manufacturers who may have otherwise qualified for CDSOA remittances but have exited the applicable business. Accordingly
 we cannot predict the amount of future distributions
 if any
 we may receive. U.S. Customs has advised affected domestic producers that it is possible that CDSOA distributions which we received could be subject to clawback until the resolution of outstanding litigation. We believe that the likelihood of clawback is remote. However
&#32;reportable segment
&#8211;includes the production
 marketing and sale of a family of pourable and refrigerated produce salad dressings
 croutons
 sauces
 fruit glazes
 refrigerated produce vegetable and fruit dips
 hummus
 chip dips
 dry and frozen pasta and egg noodles
 caviar
 frozen hearth-baked breads
 frozen yeast rolls
 sweet rolls and biscuits. Salad dressings
 sauces
 croutons
 frozen pasta and egg noodles
681
649
621
359
364
367
1
041
1
013
988
&#8211;includes various expenses of a general corporate nature
 as well as costs related to certain divested or closed nonfood operations
(Tabular amounts in thousands
1
041
1
013
988
165
165
151
(11
(11
(10
153
153
141
405
392
384
78
85
233
148
212
638
619
682
15
23
15
15
23
15
18
17
17
18
17
17
Segment identifiable assets include those assets used in its operations and other intangible assets allocated to purchased businesses. Corporate assets consist principally of cash and equivalents
 prepaid Federal
Net sales attributable to McLane Company
 Inc. (McLane)
 a wholesale distribution subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway
 Inc.
186
132
Net sales attributable to Wal-Mart Stores
175
168
160
(Tabular amounts in thousands
248
292
241
258
1
041
57
81
51
57
248
24
37
18
20
100
Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations
2
(29
(26
24
39
(10
21
74
248
272
247
245
1
013
61
72
53
57
244
26
31
20
25
103
Income from Discontinued Operations
3
1
5
26
35
21
25
109
Diluted income (loss) per common share amounts are calculated independently for each of the quarters presented. Accordingly
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures
 management recognizes that any controls and procedures
 no matter how well-designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives
As required by Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 13a-15(b)
 we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on the foregoing
June&#160;30
Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 and effected by our Board of Directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of an unauthorized acquisition
Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations
 there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However
 these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore
 it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce
 though not eliminate
There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
Columbus
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Lancaster Colony Corporation and subsidiaries (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of June&#160;30
 2014
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company&#8217;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the company&#8217;s principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the company&#8217;s board of directors
 management
 and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)&#160;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)&#160;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3)&#160;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting
 including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls
 material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also
 projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
In our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of June&#160;30
 2014
We have also audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended June&#160;30
 2014 of the Company and our report dated August&#160;28
 2014
Columbus
August&#160;28
Directors
The information regarding our directors and executive officers
 including the identification of the Audit Committee and the Audit Committee financial expert
The information regarding changes
 if any
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
June&#160;30
Exhibits
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
 2014
August&#160;28
 2014
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
 2014
June&#160;30
 2014
June&#160;30
 2014
June&#160;30
 2014
Pursuant to the requirements of Section&#160;13 and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.
John B. Gerlach
Chairman
 Chief Executive Officer
August&#160;28
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
Chairman
August&#160;28
John B. Gerlach
Chief Executive Officer
Treasurer
 Vice President
August&#160;28
August 19
August 17
August 19
August 19
August 19
August 19
August 19
August 19
June&#160;30
Year Ended June 30
Year Ended June 30
Year Ended June 30
JUNE&#160;30
Asset Purchase Agreement Between Lancaster Colony Corporation and CL Products International
 LLC
 dated as of January 30
 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (000-04065)
 filed January 30
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Lancaster Colony Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (000-04065)
 filed February 9
Amended and Restated Regulations of Lancaster Colony Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (000-04065)
 filed February 9
Specimen Certificate of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (000-04065)
 filed August 25
Credit Agreement
 dated as of April&#160;18
 2012
 by and among Lancaster Colony Corporation
 the Lenders (as defined therein) and JPMorgan Chase Bank
 NA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (000-04065)
 filed April 23
Lancaster Colony Corporation Executive Employee Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (000-04065)
 filed September 26
2004 Amendment to Lancaster Colony Corporation Executive Employee Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (000-04065)
 filed January 3
Lancaster Colony Corporation 2005 Executive Employee Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (000-04065)
 filed February 25
Lancaster Colony Corporation Amended and Restated 2005 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (000-04065)
 filed November 19
Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Directors under the Lancaster Colony Corporation 2005 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (000-04065)
 filed February 9
Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Award Agreement for employees and consultants under the Lancaster Colony Corporation 2005 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (000-04065)
 filed May 12
Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for employees and consultants under the Lancaster Colony Corporation 2005 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (000-04065)
 filed May 12
Amended and Restated Key Employee Severance Agreement
 dated December 3
 2008
 between Lancaster Colony Corporation and John L. Boylan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (000-04065)
 filed February 9
Amended and Restated Key Employee Severance Agreement
 dated December 3
 2008
 between Lancaster Colony Corporation and Bruce L. Rosa (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (000-04065)
 filed February 9
Description of Executive Bonus Arrangements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (000-04065)
 filed September 10
Certification of CEO and CFO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan
 contract or arrangement in which any Director or any Executive Officer participates.














		


Marzetti Frozen Pasta
New York Frozen Foods
Sister Schubert's Homemade Rolls
The Quality Bakery Company
 Inc.*














		


consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No.&#160;333-131926 on Form&#160;S-8 of our reports dated August&#160;28
 2014
 relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Lancaster Colony Corporation
 and the effectiveness of Lancaster Colony Corporation&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting
 appearing in the Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K of Lancaster Colony Corporation for the year ended June&#160;30
Columbus
August&#160;28
 2014














		


I
 John B. Gerlach
 Jr.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
August&#160;28
 2014
John B. Gerlach
 Jr.














		


I
 Douglas A. Fell
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
August&#160;28
 2014














		


June&#160;30
 2014
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 John B. Gerlach
 Jr.
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 and Douglas A. Fell
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 do each hereby certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the date and for the periods expressed in the Report.
John B. Gerlach
August&#160;28
August&#160;28
 2014



















      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      



    


    


    


    


    




        


        



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 including money market funds and commercial paper
 approximate fair value due to their short maturities and are considered level 1 investments
 which have quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets. As a result of our cash management system
 checks issued but not presented to the banks for payment may create negative book cash balances. When such negative balances exist




 which expire at various dates through fiscal year &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Certain of these leases contain renewal options
 some provide options to purchase during the lease term and some require co&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;ntingent rentals based on usage. The future minimum rental commitments due under these leases are summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.80506822612085%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=82.2265625% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=15.7734375% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
058&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
847&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
310&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total rent expense
 including short-term cancelable leases
 during the years ended June&amp;#160;30 is summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=56.140350877192986% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.230019493177387% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating leases:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Minimum rentals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;5
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Contingent rentals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Short-term cancelable leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
093&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
377&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;5
958&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
995&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 we limit the amount of credit exposure to any one institution or issuer. Our concentration of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivable is mitigated by our credit evaluation process and by having a large and diverse customer base. However
 see Note 13 with respect to our accounts receivable with Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. and McLane Company
 Inc.
 a wholesale distribution subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 collectively referred to as &amp;#8220;we
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;us
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;our
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;registrant
&amp;#8221; or the &amp;#8220;Company.&amp;#8221; Intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation. Our fiscal year begins on July&amp;#160;1 and ends on June&amp;#160;30. Unless otherwise noted
 references to &amp;#8220;year&amp;#8221; pertain to our fiscal year; for example
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; refers to fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which is the period from July&amp;#160;1
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to June&amp;#160;30

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had an unsecured credit facility (&amp;#8220;Facility&amp;#8221;) under which we may borrow
 on a revolving credit basis
 up to a maximum of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$120 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at any one time
 with potential to expand the total credit availability to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$200 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; based on obtaining consent of the issuing banks and certain other conditions. The Facility expires on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;18
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and all outstanding amounts are then due and payable. Interest is variable based upon formulas tied to LIBOR or an alternative base rate defined in the credit agreement
 at our option. We must also pay facility fees that are tied to our then-applicable consolidated leverage ratio. Loans may be used for general corporate purposes. Based on the long-term nature of this Facility
 when we have outstanding borrowings under this Facility
 they will be classified as long-term debt.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; borrowings outstanding under this Facility. At June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of standby letters of credit outstanding
 which reduced the amount available for borrowing on the Facility. We paid &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; interest in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. At June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we exceeded the requirements of the financial covenants by substantial margins. At June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we were not aware of any event that would constitute a default under the Facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Facility contains certain restrictive covenants
 including limitations on indebtedness
 asset sales and acquisitions. There are two principal financial covenants: an interest expense test that requires us to maintain an interest coverage ratio not less than 2.5 to 1 at the end of each fiscal quarter; and an indebtedness test that requires us to maintain a consolidated leverage ratio not greater than 3 to 1 at all times. The interest coverage ratio is calculated by dividing Consolidated EBIT (as defined more specifically in the credit agreement) by Consolidated Interest Expense (as defined more specifically in the credit agreement)

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; common shares for issuance to our employees and directors
 and all awards granted under the 2005 Plan will be exercisable at prices not less than fair market value as of the date of the grant. The vesting period for awards granted under the 2005 Plan varies as to the type of award granted
 but generally these awards have a maximum term of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Stock-Settled Stock Appreciation Rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We use periodic grants of stock-settled stock appreciation rights (&amp;#8220;SSSARs&amp;#8221;) as a vehicle for rewarding certain employees with long-term incentives for their efforts in helping to create long-term shareholder value. We calculate the fair value of SSSARs grants using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Our policy is to issue shares upon SSSARs exercise from new shares that had been previously authorized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we granted SSSARs to various employees under the terms of the 2005 Plan. The following table summarizes information relating to these grants:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=55.94541910331384% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.230019493177387% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.230019493177387% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;SSSARs granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;187&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average grant date fair value per right&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;11.84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assumptions used in fair value calculations:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;0.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Volatility factor of the expected market price of our common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;22.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average expected life in years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;For each grant
 the volatility factor was estimated based on actual historical volatility of our stock for a time period equal to the term of the SSSARs. The expected average life was determined based on historical exercise experience for this type of grant. The SSSARs from each grant vest one-third on the first anniversary of the grant date
 one-third on the second anniversary of the grant date and one-third on the third anniversary of the grant date. We estimate a forfeiture rate for each grant based on historical experience.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize compensation expense over the requisite service period. Compensation expense was reflected in Cost of Sales or Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses based on the grantees&amp;#8217; salaries expense classification. We recorded tax benefits and excess tax benefits related to SSSARs. These excess tax benefits were included in the financing section of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The following table summarizes our continuing operations SSSARs compensation expense and tax benefits recorded for each of the years ending June&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=56.140350877192986% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.230019493177387% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Compensation expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;461&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;530&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intrinsic value of exercises&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
851&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Excess tax benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;659&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;230&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The total fair values of SSSARs vested for each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=56.140350877192986% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.230019493177387% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of vested rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes the activity relating to SSSARs granted under the 2005 Plan for the year ended June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=44.05458089668616% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.450292397660817% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.255360623781677% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.450292397660817% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.450292397660817% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number&amp;#160;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Remaining&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Contractual&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Life in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Aggregate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;66.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;63.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;89.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;68.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;76.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;6
594&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercisable and vested at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;64.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Vested and expected to vest at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;76.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;5
991&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes information about the SSSARs outstanding by grant year at June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=13.450292397660832% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.64522417153996% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.64522417153996% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.64522417153996% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.64522417153996% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.64522417153996% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.64522417153996% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Grant Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Range&amp;#160;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercise&amp;#160;Prices&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Remaining&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Contractual&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Life in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$79.78-$89.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$89.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$72.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3.66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$72.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$72.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$63.50-$68.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$68.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$68.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$57.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$57.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$57.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$58.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$58.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$58.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 there was approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of unrecognized compensation expense related to SSSARs that we will recognize over a weighted-average period of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Restricted Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We use periodic grants of restricted stock as a vehicle for rewarding our nonemployee directors and certain employees with long-term incentives for their efforts in helping to create long-term shareholder value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we granted shares of restricted stock to various employees under the terms of the 2005 Plan. The following table summarizes information relating to these grants:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=56.140350877192986% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.230019493177387% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Employees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Restricted stock granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Grant date fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
705&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average grant date fair value per award&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;89.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;72.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;68.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The restricted stock under each of these employee grants vests on the third anniversary of the grant date. We estimate a forfeiture rate for each grant based on historical experience. Under the terms of the grants
 employees receive dividends on unforfeited restricted stock regardless of their vesting status. Approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;23
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of employee restricted stock vested in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we also granted shares of restricted stock to our &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;seven&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; nonemployee directors under the terms of the 2005 Plan. The following table summarizes information relating to each of these grants:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=56.140350877192986% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.230019493177387% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Nonemployee directors&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Restricted stock granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Grant date fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average grant date fair value per award&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;84.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;73.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;65.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; grant vests over a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year period
 and all of these shares are expected to vest. Dividends earned on the stock during the vesting period will be paid to the directors at the time the stock vests. Approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;7
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;7
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;8
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of nonemployee director restricted stock vested in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 and the directors were paid the related dividends.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize compensation expense over the requisite service period. Compensation expense was reflected in Cost of Sales or Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses based on the grantees&amp;#8217; salaries expense classification. We recorded tax benefits and excess tax benefits related to restricted stock. These excess tax benefits were included in the financing section of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The following table summarizes our continuing operations restricted stock compensation expense and tax benefits recorded for each of the years ending June&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=56.140350877192986% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.230019493177387% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Compensation expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;435&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Excess tax benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The total fair values of restricted stock vested for each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=56.53021442495127% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.840155945419102% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of vested shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
842&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes the activity relating to restricted stock granted under the 2005 Plan for the year ended June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=65.30214424951268% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=15.959064327485379% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14.959064327485379% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number&amp;#160;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Average&amp;#160;Grant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Date&amp;#160;Fair&amp;#160;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unvested restricted stock at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;68.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;88.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;65.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;70.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Unvested restricted stock at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;79.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014
 we sold effectively all of the net operating assets of our candle manufacturing and marketing operations. The financial results of these operations are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented herein. The footnote presentation has been revised to remove the effect of the discontinued operations

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014
 we sold effectively all of the net operating assets of our candle manufacturing and marketing operations for approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$28 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in cash. Net proceeds from the sale
 after post-closing adjustments and transaction costs
 totaled approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$25.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The transaction resulted in a pretax loss of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$44.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and a tax benefit of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$15.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which were recorded in the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;June&amp;#160;30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The financial results of these operations are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented herein. The discontinued operations
 previously included in our Glassware and Candles segment
 had net sales of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$89.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$152.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$142.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 for the years ended June&amp;#160;30
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 and a pretax loss of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$39.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 including the pretax loss on sale
 for the year ended June 30
 2014
 and pretax income of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$8.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the years ended June&amp;#160;30
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At June 30
 2013
 the assets and liabilities of our discontinued operations were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:95.5078125%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=87.73006134969324% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10.269938650306749% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;June 30
&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&amp;#160;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
061&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;41
342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current assets of discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55
977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21
621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other noncurrent assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Noncurrent assets of discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total assets of discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;78
578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:21px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:21px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current liabilities of discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 therefore
 are included in the earnings allocation in computing EPS under the two-class method. Basic EPS excludes dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes our identifiable other intangible assets
 all included in the Specialty Foods segment
 at June&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=67.2514619883041% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trademarks (40-year life)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Customer Relationships (12 to 15-year life)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;13
020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(7
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6
863&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;5
220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total net carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;5
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
322&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization expense for our other intangible assets in each of the years ending June&amp;#160;30 was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=56.53021442495127% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.840155945419102% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;945&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


 by applying impairment testing procedures
 as appropriate. Other intangible assets with lives restricted by contractual
 legal

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 we determine if the assets are recoverable by comparing the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows to the assets&amp;#8217; carrying amounts. Our cash flows are based on historical results adjusted to reflect our best estimate of future market and operating conditions. If the carrying amounts are greater
 then the assets are not recoverable. In that instance

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45
350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39
720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State and local&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4
526&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
475&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total current provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;53
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48
825&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43
836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred Federal
 state and local (benefit) provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(951&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total taxes based on income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;52
293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;49
958&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Certain tax benefits recorded directly to common stock for each of the years ending June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.02534113060429%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=57.48031496062992% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.582677165354331% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7874015748031495% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.582677165354331% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7874015748031495% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.779527559055119% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax benefits recorded directly to common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;794&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;For the years ended June&amp;#160;30

597&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Employee medical and other benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;10
149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Receivable and other allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4
410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;18
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21
266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(21
307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(21
607&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(4
212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3
804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(25
598&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(25
836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:84px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(7
424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net current deferred tax assets and prepaid Federal
 state and local income taxes were included in Deferred Income Taxes and Other Current Assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The related balances at June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=67.2514619883041% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net current deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;11
329&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepaid Federal
 state and local income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;9
688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash payments for income taxes for each of the years ending June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=55.360623781676416% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.230019493177387% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.42495126705653% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.42495126705653% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash payments for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;37
277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;56
992&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38
726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The gross tax contingency reserve at June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The unrecognized tax benefits recorded as the gross tax contingency reserve noted in the following table for June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; would affect our effective tax rate
 if recognized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table sets forth changes in our total gross tax contingency reserve (including interest and penalties):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=67.2514619883041% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
939&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax positions related to the current year:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax positions related to prior years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have not classified any of the gross tax contingency reserve at June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as current liabilities as &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;none&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of these amounts are expected to be resolved within the next 12 months. The entire liability of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was included in long-term liabilities. We expect that the amount of these liabilities will change within the next 12 months; however
 we do not expect the change to have a significant effect on our financial position or results of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize interest and penalties related to these tax liabilities in income tax expense. For each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30

 we are no longer subject to examination of U.S. Federal or state and local income taxes for years prior to 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The American Jobs Creation Act provided a tax deduction calculated as a percentage of qualified income from manufacturing in the United States. The deduction percentage for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;9%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. In accordance with FASB guidance
 this deduction is treated as a special deduction

  
  
  
  
  
  

 deferred tax assets and liabilities and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management&amp;#8217;s best assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid. We are subject to income taxes in numerous domestic jurisdictions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our annual tax rate is determined based on our income
 statutory tax rates and the permanent tax impacts of items treated differently for tax purposes than for financial reporting purposes. Tax law requires certain items be included in the tax return at different times than the items are reflected in the financial statements. Some of these differences are permanent
 such as expenses that are not deductible in our tax return
 and some differences are temporary
 reversing over time
 such as depreciation expense. These temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Realization of certain deferred tax assets is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods. Although realization is not assured
 management believes it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be realized and thus we have not recorded any valuation allowance for the years ended June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; or &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In accordance with accounting literature related to uncertainty in income taxes
 tax benefits from uncertain tax positions that are recognized in the financial statements are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Changes in tax laws and rates could also affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. Management is not aware of any such changes that would have a material effect on our results of operations

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 first-out basis. Due to the nature of our business

  
  

 at June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we were a party to various claims and litigation matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Such matters did not have a material effect on the current-year results of operations and
 in our opinion
 their ultimate disposition will not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of our employees are represented under various collective bargaining agreements. There are &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; employees represented under collective bargaining agreements that will expire within one year. While we believe that labor relations with unionized employees are satisfactory
 a prolonged labor dispute could have a material effect on our business and results of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Continued Dumping and Subsidy Offset Act of 2000 (CDSOA) provides for the distribution of monies collected by U.S. Customs from anti-dumping cases to qualifying domestic producers. Our CDSOA receipts totaled approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$2.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. These receipts are included in income from discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of January 30
 2014
 we sold substantially all of the net operating assets of our candle manufacturing and marketing operations to an unaffiliated buyer. While we retained the right to seek further CDSOA remittances relating to past periods
 we are currently unaware of any funds made available to manufacturers who may have otherwise qualified for CDSOA remittances but have exited the applicable business. Accordingly
 we cannot predict the amount of future distributions
 if any
 we may receive. U.S. Customs has advised affected domestic producers that it is possible that CDSOA distributions which we received could be subject to clawback until the resolution of outstanding litigation. We believe that the likelihood of clawback is remote. However

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross tax contingency reserve&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pension benefit liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
456&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Postretirement benefit liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
608&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred compensation and accrued interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4
055&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
057&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total other noncurrent liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;22
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 as a result of prior-years&amp;#8217; restructuring activities
 for all periods presented
 we no longer have any active employees continuing to accrue service cost or otherwise eligible to receive plan benefits. Benefits being paid under the plans are primarily based on negotiated rates and years of service. We contribute to these plans at least the minimum amount required by regulation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At the end of the year
 we discount our plan liabilities using an assumed discount rate. In estimating this rate
 we
 along with our third-party actuaries
 review the timing of future benefit payments
 bond indices

 we consider our related investment guidelines
 our expectations of long-term rates of return by asset category
 our target asset allocation weighting and historical rates of return and volatility for equity and fixed income investments. The investment strategy for plan assets is to control and manage investment risk through diversification among asset classes
 investment managers/funds and investment styles.&amp;#160;The plans&amp;#8217; investment guidelines have been designed to meet the intended objective that plan assets earn at least nominal returns equal to or in excess of the plans&amp;#8217; liability growth rate.&amp;#160;In consideration of the current average age of the plans&amp;#8217; participants
 the investment guidelines are based upon an investment horizon of at least &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The target and actual asset allocations for our plans at June&amp;#160;30 by asset category were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=55.165692007797276% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=15.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.64522417153996% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.64522417153996% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Target&amp;#160;Percentage&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;of Plan&amp;#160;Assets&amp;#160;at&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;June&amp;#160;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Actual&amp;#160;Percentage&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Plan&amp;#160;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;0%-10%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;30%-70%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;30%-70%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our target asset allocations are maintained through ongoing review and periodic rebalancing of equity and fixed income investments with assistance from an independent outside investment consultant. Also
 the plan assets are diversified among asset classes
 asset managers or funds and investment styles to avoid concentrations of risk. We expect that a modest allocation to cash will exist within the plans because each investment manager is likely to hold limited cash in a portfolio.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We categorize our plan assets within a three-level fair value hierarchy as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:65px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level 1 &amp;#8211; Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:65px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level 2 &amp;#8211; Observable market based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:65px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level 3 &amp;#8211; Unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes the fair values and levels
 within the fair value hierarchy
 for our plan assets at June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=47.17348927875244% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10.475633528265107% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10.670565302144249% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10.670565302144249% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10.670565302144249% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;June 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Asset Category&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Money market funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. government obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mortgage obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds fixed income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;8
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;8
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;20
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;20
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;29
802&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;8
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;38
725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;June&amp;#160;30
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Asset Category&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;543&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;543&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Money market funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. government obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mortgage obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds fixed income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
455&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
455&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36
243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The plan assets classified at Level 1 include money market funds
 common stock and mutual funds. Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets are available for investments in this category.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The plan assets classified at Level 2 include fixed income securities consisting of government securities
 corporate obligations
 mortgage obligations and other asset backed securities. For these types of securities
 market prices are observable for identical or similar investment securities but not readily accessible for each of those investments individually at the measurement date. For these assets
 we obtain pricing information from an independent pricing service. The pricing service uses various pricing models for each asset class that are consistent with what other market participants would use. The inputs and assumptions to the model of the pricing service are derived from market observable sources including as applicable: benchmark yields
 reported trades
 broker/dealer quotes
 issuer spreads
 prepayment speed assumptions
 attributes of the collateral
 yield or price of bonds of comparable structure and quality
 and other market-related data.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Relevant information with respect to our pension benefits as of June&amp;#160;30 can be summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=67.2514619883041% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Change in benefit obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;39
519&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44
318&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
754&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actuarial loss (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(2
281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;41
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39
519&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=67.2514619883041% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Change in plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;36
243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35
135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4
763&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Employer contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(2
281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;38
725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36
243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=67.2514619883041% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Reconciliation of funded status&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net accrued benefit cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(2
508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3
276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=67.2514619883041% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets consist of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepaid benefit cost (noncurrent assets)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued benefit liability (noncurrent liabilities)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(2
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3
456&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net amount recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(2
508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3
276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=67.2514619883041% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accumulated benefit obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;41
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39
519&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table discloses
 in the aggregate
 those plans with benefit obligations in excess of the fair value of plan assets at the June&amp;#160;30 measurement date:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=67.2514619883041% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;38
170&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36
270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;35
224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32
814&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss at June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=67.2514619883041% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;13
585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(5
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5
213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;8
566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8

754&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(2
457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
397&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of unrecognized net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of unrecognized net asset existing at transition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net periodic benefit income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have not yet finalized our anticipated funding level for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 but
 based on initial estimates
 we do not expect to make any contributions to our pension plans during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit payments estimated for future years are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.80506822612085%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=81.8359375% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=16.1640625% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
252&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
252&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
267&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
346&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020 - 2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12


 we discount our plan liabilities using an assumed discount rate. In estimating this rate
 we
 along with our third-party actuaries
 review the projected timing of future benefit payments
 bond indices

934&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
054&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actuarial gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Curtailment gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Plan participant contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
779&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2

779&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
934&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=67.2514619883041% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets consist of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current accrued benefit liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(187&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Noncurrent accrued benefit liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(2
608&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=67.2514619883041% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accumulated benefit obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
779&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2

 and immaterial amounts for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 that are presented in discontinued operations because those amounts relate to sold operations. In &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Plant and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. We use the straight-line method of computing depreciation for financial reporting purposes based on the estimated useful lives of the corresponding assets. Estimated useful lives for buildings and improvements range generally from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years while machinery and equipment range generally from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years. For tax purposes

  
  
  
  

137&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;292
281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;241
849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;258
808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
041
075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Gross Margin&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;57
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;81
623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;51
908&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;57
866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;248
568&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Income From Continuing Operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;24
052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;37
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;18
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;20
901&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;100
986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations
 Net of Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(29
276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(26
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Net Income (Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;24
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;39
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(10
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;21
327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;74
986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Diluted Income (Loss) Per Common Share &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Continuing Operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;0.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;0.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;0.76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Discontinued Operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;0.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;0.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(1.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(0.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Net Income (Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;0.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(0.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;248
881&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;272
634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;247
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;245
190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
013
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Margin&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;61
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;72
046&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57
707&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;244
707&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income From Continuing Operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26
255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31
471&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25
401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income from Discontinued Operations
 Net of Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26
662&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35
277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;109
249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted Income Per Common Share &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Continuing Operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Discontinued Operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Net Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:40px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:16px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted income (loss) per common share amounts are calculated independently for each of the quarters presented. Accordingly

  
  

 historical write-off experience and on-going reviews of our trade receivables. Measurement of potential losses requires credit review of existing customer relationships
 consideration of historical effects of relevant observable data
 including present economic conditions such as delinquency rates

  
  

 provided that evidence of an arrangement exists
 pricing is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is probable. Net sales are recorded net of estimated sales discounts
 returns and certain sales incentives

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;6
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Marketing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;31
165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32


233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39


779&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2


 in the aggregate
 those plans with benefit obligations in excess of the fair value of plan assets at the June&amp;#160;30 measurement date:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=67.2514619883041% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;38
170&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36
270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;35
224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32


 within the fair value hierarchy
 for our plan assets at June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=47.17348927875244% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10.475633528265107% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10.670565302144249% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10.670565302144249% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10.670565302144249% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;June 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Asset Category&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Money market funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. government obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mortgage obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds fixed income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;8
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;8
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;20
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;20
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;29
802&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;8
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;38
725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;June&amp;#160;30
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Asset Category&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;543&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;543&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Money market funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. government obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mortgage obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds fixed income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
455&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
455&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36

  
  

946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3
456&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net amount recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(2
508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3


608&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2


391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12
162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Defined Benefit Pension Plan Items:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net gain arising during the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of unrecognized net loss &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of transition asset &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Postretirement Benefit Plan Items:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net gain arising during the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of unrecognized net gain &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of prior service asset &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total other comprehensive income
 before tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total tax expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
210&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other comprehensive income
 net of tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;330&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive loss at end of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(8
061&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8

  
  

243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35
135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4
763&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Employer contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(2
281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;38
725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36

  

519&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44
318&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
754&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actuarial loss (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(2
281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;41
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39


934&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
054&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actuarial gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Curtailment gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Plan participant contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
779&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2


434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;461&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;530&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intrinsic value of exercises&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45
350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39
720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State and local&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4
526&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
475&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total current provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;53
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48
825&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43
836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred Federal
 state and local (benefit) provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(951&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total taxes based on income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;52
293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;49
958&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48


055&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3


597&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Employee medical and other benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;10
149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Receivable and other allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4
410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;18
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21
266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(21
307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(21
607&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(4
212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3
804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(25
598&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(25
836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:84px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(7
424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4


585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(5
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5
213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;8
566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8

  

 2013
 the assets and liabilities of our discontinued operations were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:95.5078125%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=87.73006134969324% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10.269938650306749% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;June 30
&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&amp;#160;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
061&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;41
342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current assets of discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55
977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21
621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other noncurrent assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Noncurrent assets of discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total assets of discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;78
578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:21px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:21px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current liabilities of discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8


986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;92
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income from continuing operations available to participating securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(326&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(170&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income from continuing operations available to common shareholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;100
812&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;92
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;27
264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
252&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Incremental share effect from:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Nonparticipating restricted stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Stock-settled stock appreciation rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;27
308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27






252&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
252&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
267&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
346&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020 - 2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12

  

 all included in the Specialty Foods segment
 at June&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=67.2514619883041% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trademarks (40-year life)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Customer Relationships (12 to 15-year life)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;13
020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(7
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6
863&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;5
220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total net carrying value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;5
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6


058&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
847&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1

  

&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Implemented&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;1
324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;1
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Yes&amp;#160;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;4/30/2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;91-6145047-001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Green&lt;br clear=none/&gt;12/31/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Green&lt;br clear=none/&gt;12/31/11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;No&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;397&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;390&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;No&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;12/15/2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Total contributions to multiemployer plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;1
714&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;1
727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:40px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:16px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Through December 31
 2012


754&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(2
457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2

  

508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3


779&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2


137&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;292
281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;241
849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;258
808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
041
075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Gross Margin&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;57
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;81
623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;51
908&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;57
866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;248
568&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Income From Continuing Operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;24
052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;37
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;18
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;20
901&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;100
986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations
 Net of Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(29
276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(26
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Net Income (Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;24
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;39
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(10
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;21
327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;74
986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Diluted Income (Loss) Per Common Share &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Continuing Operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;0.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;0.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;0.76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Discontinued Operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;0.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;0.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(1.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(0.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Net Income (Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;0.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(0.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;248
881&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;272
634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;247
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;245
190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
013
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Margin&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;61
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;72
046&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57
707&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;244
707&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income From Continuing Operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26
255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31
471&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25
401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income from Discontinued Operations
 Net of Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26
662&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35
277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;109
249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted Income Per Common Share &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Continuing Operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Discontinued Operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Net Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:40px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:16px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted income (loss) per common share amounts are calculated independently for each of the quarters presented. Accordingly


 including short-term cancelable leases
 during the years ended June&amp;#160;30 is summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=56.140350877192986% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.230019493177387% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating leases:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Minimum rentals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;5
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Contingent rentals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Short-term cancelable leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
093&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
377&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;5
958&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
995&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6


 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Wal-Mart&amp;#8221;) for each of the years ending June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=54.3859649122807% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.619883040935672% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.619883040935672% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.814814814814813% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales to Wal-Mart&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;175
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;168
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;160


 Inc. (McLane)
 a wholesale distribution subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway
 Inc.
 for each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30 were as follows: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=69.20077972709552% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.009746588693956% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.009746588693956% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales to McLane&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;186
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;132


041
075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
013
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;988
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Operating Income &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1) (3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Specialty Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;165
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;165
710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;151
479&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate Expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(11
616&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(11
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10
297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;153
767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;153
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;141
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Identifiable Assets &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Specialty Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;405
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;392
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;384
604&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets of Discontinued Operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;78
578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85
370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;233
214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;148
892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;212
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;638
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;619
964&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;682
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Capital Expenditures &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;&amp;#160;(3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Specialty Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;15
578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23
341&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;15
645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23
460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
506&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Depreciation and Amortization &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;&amp;#160;(3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Specialty Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;18
785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
469&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;18
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17

 prepaid Federal


 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=44.05458089668616% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.450292397660817% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.255360623781677% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.450292397660817% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.450292397660817% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number&amp;#160;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Remaining&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Contractual&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Life in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Aggregate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;66.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;63.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;89.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;68.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;76.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;6
594&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercisable and vested at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;64.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Vested and expected to vest at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;76.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;5




 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=17 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=42.1875% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.78125% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.671875% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.78125% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.671875% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.78125% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.671875% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.78125% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.671875% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Column A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Column B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Column C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Column D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Column E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Description&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Balance at Beginning of Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Additions Charged to Costs and Expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Deductions (A)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Balance at End of Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reserves deducted from asset to which they apply - Allowance for doubtful accounts (amounts in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Year Ended June 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Year Ended June 30
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Year Ended June 30

  
  
  

 &amp;#8220;Specialty Foods.&amp;#8221; Our management evaluates segment performance based on sales and operating income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Specialty Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8211;includes the production
 marketing and sale of a family of pourable and refrigerated produce salad dressings
 croutons
 sauces
 fruit glazes
 refrigerated produce vegetable and fruit dips
 hummus
 chip dips
 dry and frozen pasta and egg noodles
 caviar
 frozen hearth-baked breads
 frozen yeast rolls
 sweet rolls and biscuits. Salad dressings
 sauces
 croutons
 frozen pasta and egg noodles
 frozen bread products and frozen yeast rolls are sold to both retail and foodservice markets. The remaining products of this business segment are primarily directed to retail markets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table sets forth reportable segment information with respect to the amount of net sales contributed by each class of similar products of our consolidated net sales in each of the years ending June&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52.24171539961014% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.39961013645224% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.39961013645224% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.39961013645224% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Specialty Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Non-frozen&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;681
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;649
447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;621
497&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Frozen&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;359
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;364
356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;367
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
041
075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
013
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;988
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Corporate Expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8211;includes various expenses of a general corporate nature
 as well as costs related to certain divested or closed nonfood operations
 including the expense associated with retirement plans applicable to those closed units. These corporate expenses are generally not directly attributable to the reportable operating segment and therefore have not been allocated to the segment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following sets forth certain additional financial information attributable to our reportable segment for the years ended June&amp;#160;30 and certain items retained at the corporate level:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52.24171539961014% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.39961013645224% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.39961013645224% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.39961013645224% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Net Sales - Specialty Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
041
075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
013
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;988
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Operating Income &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1) (3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Specialty Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;165
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;165
710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;151
479&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate Expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(11
616&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(11
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10
297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;153
767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;153
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;141
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Identifiable Assets &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Specialty Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;405
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;392
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;384
604&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets of Discontinued Operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;78
578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85
370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;233
214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;148
892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;212
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;638
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;619
964&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;682
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Capital Expenditures &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;&amp;#160;(3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Specialty Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;15
578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23
341&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;15
645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23
460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
506&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Depreciation and Amortization &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;&amp;#160;(3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Specialty Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;18
785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
469&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;18
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17

 prepaid Federal
 state and local income taxes and deferred income taxes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:40px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:16px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Financial information reflects continuing operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales attributable to McLane Company
 Inc. (McLane)
 a wholesale distribution subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway
 Inc.
 for each of the years ended June&amp;#160;30 were as follows: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=69.20077972709552% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.009746588693956% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.009746588693956% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales to McLane&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;186
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;132
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As a percentage of consolidated net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales attributable to Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Wal-Mart&amp;#8221;) for each of the years ending June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=54.3859649122807% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.619883040935672% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.619883040935672% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.814814814814813% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales to Wal-Mart&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;175
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;168
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;160



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 which requires the measurement and recognition of the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. The cost of the employee services is recognized as compensation expense over the period that an employee provides service in exchange for the award

  
  
  
  
  
  



 collectively referred to as &amp;#8220;we
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;us
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;our
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;registrant
&amp;#8221; or the &amp;#8220;Company.&amp;#8221; Intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation. Our fiscal year begins on July&amp;#160;1 and ends on June&amp;#160;30. Unless otherwise noted
 references to &amp;#8220;year&amp;#8221; pertain to our fiscal year; for example
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; refers to fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which is the period from July&amp;#160;1
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Discontinued Operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On January 30
 2014
 we sold effectively all of the net operating assets of our candle manufacturing and marketing operations. The financial results of these operations are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented herein. The footnote presentation has been revised to remove the effect of the discontinued operations
 as appropriate. See further discussion and disclosure about discontinued operations in Note&amp;#160;2.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (&amp;#8220;GAAP&amp;#8221;) requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Significant estimates included in these consolidated financial statements include allowance for doubtful accounts receivable
 net realizable value of inventories
 useful lives for the calculation of depreciation and amortization
 impairments of long-lived assets
 accruals for marketing and merchandising programs
 tax contingency reserves for uncertain tax positions
 pension and postretirement assumptions
 as well as expenses related to distribution and self-insurance accruals. Actual results could differ from these estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Cash and Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We consider all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The carrying amounts of our cash and equivalents
 including money market funds and commercial paper
 approximate fair value due to their short maturities and are considered level 1 investments
 which have quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets. As a result of our cash management system
 checks issued but not presented to the banks for payment may create negative book cash balances. When such negative balances exist
 they are included in other accrued liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Receivables and the Allowance for Doubtful Accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The carrying amounts of our accounts receivable approximate fair value. We provide an allowance for doubtful accounts based on the aging of accounts receivable balances
 historical write-off experience and on-going reviews of our trade receivables. Measurement of potential losses requires credit review of existing customer relationships
 consideration of historical effects of relevant observable data
 including present economic conditions such as delinquency rates
 and the economic health of customers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Credit Risk&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and equivalents and trade accounts receivable. By policy
 we limit the amount of credit exposure to any one institution or issuer. Our concentration of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivable is mitigated by our credit evaluation process and by having a large and diverse customer base. However
 see Note 13 with respect to our accounts receivable with Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. and McLane Company
 Inc.
 a wholesale distribution subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway
 Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;text-indent:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market and are costed by various methods that approximate actual cost on a first-in
 first-out basis. Due to the nature of our business
 work in process inventory is not a material component of inventory.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. We use the straight-line method of computing depreciation for financial reporting purposes based on the estimated useful lives of the corresponding assets. Estimated useful lives for buildings and improvements range generally from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years while machinery and equipment range generally from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years. For tax purposes
 we generally compute depreciation using accelerated methods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Purchases of property
 plant and equipment included in accounts payable and excluded from the property additions and the change in accounts payable in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows at June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=58.08966861598441% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.450292397660817% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.450292397660817% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.450292397660817% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Construction in progress in accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
755&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;677&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table sets forth depreciation expense in each of the years ending June&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=58.08966861598441% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.450292397660817% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.450292397660817% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.450292397660817% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Depreciation expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;17
419&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
036&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Long-Lived Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We monitor the recoverability of the carrying value of our long-lived assets by periodically considering whether indicators of impairment are present. If such indicators are present
 we determine if the assets are recoverable by comparing the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows to the assets&amp;#8217; carrying amounts. Our cash flows are based on historical results adjusted to reflect our best estimate of future market and operating conditions. If the carrying amounts are greater
 then the assets are not recoverable. In that instance
 we compare the carrying amounts to the fair value to determine the amount of the impairment to be recorded.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill is not amortized. It is evaluated annually at April&amp;#160;30
 by applying impairment testing procedures
 as appropriate. Other intangible assets with lives restricted by contractual
 legal
 or other means are amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful lives to general and administrative expense. We periodically evaluate the future economic benefit of the recorded goodwill and other intangible assets when events or circumstances indicate potential recoverability concerns. Carrying amounts are adjusted appropriately when determined to have been impaired. See further discussion regarding goodwill and other intangible assets in Note 3.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accrued Marketing and Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Various marketing programs are offered to customers to reimburse them for a portion or all of their promotional activities related to our products. Additionally
 we often incur various costs associated with shipping products to the customer. We provide accruals for the costs of marketing and distribution based on historical information as may be modified by estimates of actual costs incurred. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accruals for Self-Insurance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Self-insurance accruals are made for certain claims associated with employee health care
 workers&amp;#8217; compensation and general liability insurance. These accruals include estimates that are primarily based on historical loss development factors. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Shareholders&amp;#8217; Equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We are authorized to issue &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;3
050
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of preferred stock consisting of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;750
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of Class&amp;#160;A Participating Preferred Stock with &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; par value
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;1
150
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of Class B Voting Preferred Stock without par value and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;1
150
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of Class C Nonvoting Preferred Stock without par value. Our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase authorization of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares in November 2010. Approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
426
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares remained authorized for future purchase at June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize revenue upon transfer of title and risk of loss
 provided that evidence of an arrangement exists
 pricing is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is probable. Net sales are recorded net of estimated sales discounts
 returns and certain sales incentives
 including coupon redemptions and rebates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Advertising Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We expense advertising as it is incurred. The following table summarizes advertising expense as a percentage of net sales in each of the years ending June&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=58.67446393762183% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.255360623781677% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.255360623781677% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.255360623781677% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Advertising expense as a percentage of net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Shipping and Handling&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shipping and handling fees billed to customers are included in net sales
 while our shipping and handling costs are included in cost of sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Stock-Based Employee Compensation Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We account for our stock-based employee compensation plans in accordance with GAAP for stock-based compensation
 which requires the measurement and recognition of the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. The cost of the employee services is recognized as compensation expense over the period that an employee provides service in exchange for the award
 which is typically the vesting period. See further discussion and disclosure in Note&amp;#160;7.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our income tax expense
 deferred tax assets and liabilities and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management&amp;#8217;s best assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid. We are subject to income taxes in numerous domestic jurisdictions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our annual tax rate is determined based on our income
 statutory tax rates and the permanent tax impacts of items treated differently for tax purposes than for financial reporting purposes. Tax law requires certain items be included in the tax return at different times than the items are reflected in the financial statements. Some of these differences are permanent
 such as expenses that are not deductible in our tax return
 and some differences are temporary
 reversing over time
 such as depreciation expense. These temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Realization of certain deferred tax assets is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods. Although realization is not assured
 management believes it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be realized and thus we have not recorded any valuation allowance for the years ended June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; or &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In accordance with accounting literature related to uncertainty in income taxes
 tax benefits from uncertain tax positions that are recognized in the financial statements are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Changes in tax laws and rates could also affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. Management is not aware of any such changes that would have a material effect on our results of operations
 cash flow or financial position. See further discussion in Note 6.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock and common stock equivalents (restricted stock and stock-settled stock appreciation rights) outstanding during each period. Unvested shares of restricted stock granted to employees are considered participating securities since employees receive nonforfeitable dividends prior to vesting and
 therefore
 are included in the earnings allocation in computing EPS under the two-class method. Basic EPS excludes dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period
 which includes the dilutive potential common shares associated with nonparticipating restricted stock and stock-settled stock appreciation rights.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Basic and diluted income per common share from continuing operations were calculated as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=54.580896686159846% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.619883040935672% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.619883040935672% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.619883040935672% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income from continuing operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;100
986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;92
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income from continuing operations available to participating securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(326&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(170&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income from continuing operations available to common shareholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;100
812&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;92
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;27
264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
252&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Incremental share effect from:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Nonparticipating restricted stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Stock-settled stock appreciation rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;27
308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
265&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income per common share from continuing operations - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income per common share from continuing operations - diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Comprehensive Income and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Comprehensive income includes changes in equity that result from transactions and economic events from non-owner sources. Comprehensive income is composed of two subsets &amp;#8211; net income and other comprehensive income (loss). Included in other comprehensive income (loss) are pension and postretirement benefits adjustments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;The following table presents the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss by component:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=69.20077972709552% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.009746588693956% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.009746588693956% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive loss at beginning of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(8
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12
162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Defined Benefit Pension Plan Items:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net gain arising during the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of unrecognized net loss &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of transition asset &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Postretirement Benefit Plan Items:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net gain arising during the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of unrecognized net gain &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of prior service asset &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total other comprehensive income
 before tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total tax expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
210&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other comprehensive income
 net of tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;330&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive loss at end of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(8
061&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1) Included in the computation of net periodic benefit income/cost. See Notes 8 and 9 for additional information.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;padding-top:18px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Recently Issued Accounting Standards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:13px;text-align:left;text-indent:24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) No. 2014-09
 &amp;#8220;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 14-09&amp;#8221;) which creates a comprehensive set of guidelines for the recognition of revenue under the principle: &amp;#8220;Recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.&amp;#8221; The requirements of ASU 14-09 are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

050
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of preferred stock consisting of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;750
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of Class&amp;#160;A Participating Preferred Stock with &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; par value
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;1
150
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of Class B Voting Preferred Stock without par value and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;1
150
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of Class C Nonvoting Preferred Stock without par value. Our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase authorization of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares in November 2010. Approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
426
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares remained authorized for future purchase at June&amp;#160;30


 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
939&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax positions related to the current year:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax positions related to prior years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 net realizable value of inventories
 useful lives for the calculation of depreciation and amortization
 impairments of long-lived assets
 accruals for marketing and merchandising programs
 tax contingency reserves for uncertain tax positions
 pension and postretirement assumptions

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 and we contributed to two of the plans in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Costs related to such plans for each of the years ending June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=57.89473684210527% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.450292397660817% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.450292397660817% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.64522417153996% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Costs related to defined contribution plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Multiemployer Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Certain of our subsidiaries participate in multiemployer plans that provide pension benefits to retiree union workers at such locations. These plans generally provide for retirement
 death and/or termination benefits for eligible employees within the applicable collective bargaining agreement
 based on specific eligibility/participation requirements
 vesting periods and benefit formulas. The risks of participating in these multiemployer plans are different from single-employer plans in the following aspects: 1) assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers
 2) if a participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers and 3) if we choose to stop participating in any of our multiemployer plans
 we may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan
 referred to as a withdrawal liability.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our participation in these plans for the annual period ended June&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; is reflected in the following table. All information in the table is as of December&amp;#160;31 of the relevant year
 except contributions which are based on our fiscal year
 or except as otherwise noted. The EIN-PN column provides the Employer Identification Number (&amp;#8220;EIN&amp;#8221;) and the Plan Number (&amp;#8220;PN&amp;#8221;). The pension protection act zone status is based on information that we received from the plan. Among other factors
 generally
 plans in critical status (red zone) are less than 65 percent funded
 plans in endangered or seriously endangered status (yellow zone or orange zone
 respectively) are less than 80 percent funded
 and plans at least 80 percent funded are said to be in the green zone. The FIP/RP status pending/implemented column indicates plans for which a funding improvement plan (&amp;#8220;FIP&amp;#8221;) or a rehabilitation plan (&amp;#8220;RP&amp;#8221;) is either pending or has been implemented by the trustees of each plan. There have been no significant changes that affect the comparability of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; or &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; contributions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=25 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=16.56920077972711% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10.526315789473683% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8.382066276803119% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8.382066276803119% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10.526315789473683% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5.212475633528265% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5.212475633528265% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5.212475633528265% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7.602339181286549% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9.35672514619883% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Pension Protection&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Act Zone Status&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Plan Name&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;EIN/PN&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;FIP/RP Status&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Pending /&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Implemented&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Surcharge&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Imposed&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Expiration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Date of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Collective&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Bargaining&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Cleveland Bakers and Teamsters Pension Fund&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;34-0904419-001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Red&lt;br clear=none/&gt;12/31/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Red&lt;br clear=none/&gt;12/31/11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Yes
&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Implemented&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;1
324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;1
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Yes&amp;#160;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;4/30/2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;91-6145047-001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Green&lt;br clear=none/&gt;12/31/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Green&lt;br clear=none/&gt;12/31/11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;No&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;397&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;390&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;No&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;12/15/2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Total contributions to multiemployer plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;1
714&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;1
727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:40px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:16px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Through December 31
 2012
 a surcharge of 10% of required employer contributions under the collective bargaining agreement was required.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our contributions to the Cleveland Bakers and Teamsters Pension Fund exceeded 5% of the total contributions to the plan in the plan years ended December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We contribute to two multiemployer postretirement benefit plans other than pensions under the terms of collective bargaining agreements that cover active union workers. These benefits are not vested. The contributions required by our participation in these plans for each of the years ending June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=56.140350877192986% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.230019493177387% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Multiemployer health and welfare plan contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3
367&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
659&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Deferred Compensation Plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We offer a deferred compensation plan for select employees who may elect to defer a certain percentage of annual compensation. We do not match any contributions. Each participant earns interest based upon the prime rate of interest
 adjusted semi-annually
 on their respective deferred compensation balance. Participants are paid out upon retirement or termination. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes our liability for total deferred compensation and accrued interest at June&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=67.64132553606238% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.789473684210526% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.789473684210526% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Liability for deferred compensation and accrued interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4
055&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;6
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Marketing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;31
165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32
602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other noncurrent liabilities at June&amp;#160;30 were composed of:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=67.2514619883041% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Workers compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;9
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross tax contingency reserve&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pension benefit liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
456&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Postretirement benefit liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
608&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred compensation and accrued interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4
055&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
057&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total other noncurrent liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;22
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23

  
  
  

367&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3

  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;56
992&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38




 plant and equipment included in accounts payable and excluded from the property additions and the change in accounts payable in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows at June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=58.08966861598441% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.450292397660817% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.450292397660817% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11.450292397660817% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Construction in progress in accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2




 state and local income taxes were included in Deferred Income Taxes and Other Current Assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The related balances at June&amp;#160;30 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=67.2514619883041% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13.984405458089668% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net current deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;11
329&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepaid Federal
 state and local income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;9
688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7

  
  

419&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
036&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15


 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we granted shares of restricted stock to various employees under the terms of the 2005 Plan. The following table summarizes information relating to these grants:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=56.140350877192986% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.035087719298245% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=0.7797270955165692% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12.230019493177387% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Employees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Restricted stock granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Grant date fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2
190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1




145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1




 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;649
447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;621
497&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Frozen&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;359
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;364
356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;367
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1
041
075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
013
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;988

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  













































































































































































 2012

    
    


    
  

 prepaid Federal












































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    

 Expiration Date Range


 Expiration Date Range



    


    




    




    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    


    
    
    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    

 Nonvested Awards



    

 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    
    
    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Gain (Loss) from Disposal of Discontinued Operation



    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Plant



    

 Plant



    

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Proceeds from Disposal of Business

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments









    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    














    




    


    
    


    


    


    




    

 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment
 before Tax






 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Unamortized Gain (Loss) Arising During Period






 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Gain (Loss)






 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Transition Asset (Obligation)






 Amortization Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)






 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment



    







 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Unamortized Gain (Loss) Arising During Period






 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net (Gain) Loss






 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Transition (Asset) Obligation






 Amortization Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Prior Service (Cost) Credit



    

 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans






 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment



    

 Net of Tax



    
    
    


    




    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    








    




    
    
    






    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    




    

 Liabilities



    

 Liability
 Classified



    




    




    




    




    




    










    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    










    

 Goods



    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    
    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    




    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    

 Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operation



    
    
    


    


    




    


    




    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period



    

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Gains (Losses)



    

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

    


    

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)



    

 Plans with Benefit Obligations in Excess of Plan Assets



    

 Plans with Benefit Obligations in Excess of Plan Assets



    




    

 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation



    


    




    


    
    


    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Accounts
 Notes and Loans Receivable



    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Prepaid and Other Assets



    

 Including Discontinued Operation






 Including Discontinued Operation
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment



    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    




    

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Accounts Payable



    

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Accrued Liabilities



    

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities



    




    

 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate



    

 State and Local Income Taxes



    

 Deduction
 Employee Stock Ownership Plan Dividend



    

 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity



    

 Other Adjustments



    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans



    


    


    






    






    


    




    




    




    




    




    

 Credit Risk



    







 Plant and Equipment



    




    




    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    

 Policy



    




    




    




    




    




    
    


    

 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award



    

 Value
 Restricted Stock Award



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period



    
    


    

 Net of Valuation Allowance





    


    

 Assets for Plan Benefits



    


    




    

 Non-Option Equity Instruments









    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Fair Value Assumptions





    




    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    




    




    




    


    
    

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of the rights
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares



    




    
    
    


    




    
    

 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under the SARs



    
    

 as well as the grant date fair value



    
    




    




    
    


    
    












    
    
    


    


    





 Dividends
 Per Share



    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    










    
    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    







 Certified Zone Status



    








    




    

 Collective-Bargaining Arrangement



    

 Surcharge


 Surcharge



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    






























    








    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    
    


    
    


    

 Including Discontinued Operations




 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested














 Equity Instruments Other than Options








 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested


 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested










 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures







    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    





 Shares







    

 Common Stock



    

 Value
 Acquired






 Shares





    
    



 including excess tax benefits


 Shares
 Share-based Compensation



    






    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    



 State

    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)



    


    


    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    


    




























    




    
    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    
    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Plant and Equipment









    




    




    




    






















    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    





 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Outstanding






 Non-Option Equity Instruments










 Non-Option Equity Instruments









    
    




    






    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    








    
    




    







 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Outstanding





    

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months





    

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value





    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    





 Equity Instruments Other than Options


 Equity Instruments Other than Options























    


    
    


    

 Period Contributions



    


    

 Rent Expense



    

 Rent Expense



    

 Rent Expense


 Rent Expense



    

 Rent Expense



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    


    




    


    




    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits



    
    

 which can only be deducted for tax purposes when actual amounts are known



    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals



    







 Property



    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    










    
    


    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    















 2014






 2014





    


    

 Future Minimum Payments Due



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    
    


    




    





 Net



    




    

 Raw Materials



    

 Finished Goods



    




    




    


    







 Plant and Equipment








 depreciable assets that include building structures held for productive use including any addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 such as interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical



    




    

 Plant and Equipment



    

 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant






 Plant and Equipment



    




    


    




    


    


    
    


    




    




    




    


    




    


    

 Net



    
    


    
    



050


 Value




000
000 shares; outstanding - 2014-27
339
421 shares; 2013-27
323


 Value



    
    


    








    


    
    


    




    
    


    





 Net of Tax



    


    




    


    

 Net of Tax



    




    
    


    




    
    
    


    




    
    




    




    


    


    
    


    








    


    
    


    

 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items



    


    





 Net of Tax



    

 Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operation During Phase-out Period



    

 Gain (Loss) on Disposal of Discontinued Operation



    


    


    






    


    


    

 Net of Tax



    

 Net of Tax



    
    


    




    


    
    
    


    


    








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 lanc-201463_chartx05177.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!



M\$D/^D='[(7_`(9/PC_\AT?\.2_^2'_`$CH_9_\
GX1_\`D.OU'HH`_+C_


M\



MAT?\.2_^2'_`$CH_9_\


M\$D/^D='[(7_`(9/PC_\AT?\.2_^2'_`$CH_9_\
GX1_\`D.OU'HH`_+C_


M\



MAT?\.2_^2'_`$CH_9_\


M\$D/^D='[(7_`(9/PC_\AT?\.2_^2'_`$CH_9_\
GX1_\`D.OU'HH`_+C_


M\



MAT?\.2_^2'_`$CH_9_\



MX9VNBW&M1:9'''?2Z5!J.HQV
DJ[X$O[I5;9(%4KZ6_X/AO^2K_\$\?^R??M

MO%






M:I^/_P`/_P!HOQ1I.K?OX(?&WXN^#/-_\`#CX.ZUX5M-5\!_#[Q-XRT#0]
M0DO/!*^)=3T);[2+:TO?.\01ZO=V)E7^U8;IQ=)]_P!?&/\`P4=_Y1Z_MV_]
MF:_M0_\`JCO'=`%K]AKXG_$']HC]BO\`9$^/WC[7[6'QU\;_`-F/X#_%WQG%



M`#1?_E?1_96J?]#'??\`@!HO_P`KZWJ*`
'^RM4_Z&.^_P#`#1?_`)7T?V5J
MG_0QWW_@!HO_`
KZWJ*`
'^RM4_Z&.^_\`-%_P#E?1_96J?]#'??^`&B_P#R

=]_X`:+_\KZWJ*`
'^RM4_PA
MCOO_```T7_Y7T?V5JG_0QWW_`(`:+_\`*^MZB@#!_LK5/^ACOO\`P`T7_P5
M]']E:I_T
=]_X`:+_P#*^MZB@#!_LK5/^ACOO_`#1?\`Y7T?V5JG_0QWW_@!
MHO\`\KZWJ*`
'^RM4_Z&.^_\`-%_^5]']E:I_P!#'??^`&B__*^MZB@#!_LK
M5/\`H8[[_P``-%_^5]']E:I_T

`-


M`P?[*U3_`*&.^_\``#1?_E?1_96J?]#'??\`@!HO_P`KZWJ*`
'^RM4_Z&.^
M_P#`#1?_`)7T?V5JG_0QWW_@!HO_`
KZWJ*`
'^RM4_Z&.^_\`-%_P#E?1_9

=]_X`:+_\
MKZWJ*`
'^RM4_PACOO_```T7_Y7T?V5JG_0QWW_`(`:+_\`*^MZB@#!_LK5
M/^ACOO\`P`T7_P5]']E:I_T
=]_X`:+_P#*^MZB@#!_LK5/^ACOO_`#1?\`
MY7T?V5JG_0QWW_@!HO\`\KZWJ*`
'^RM4_Z&.^_\`-%_^5]']E:I_P!#'??^
M`&B__*^MZB@#!_LK5/\`H8[[_P``-%_^5]']E:I_T

MP?[*U3_H8[[_`

M`T7_`.5]']E:I_T
=]_X`:+_`/*^MZB@#!_LK5/^ACOO_`#1?_E?1_96J?\`

MZWJ*`
'^RM4_Z&.^_P#`#1?_`)7T?V5JG_0QWW_@!HO_`
KZWJ*`
'^RM4_Z

M5JG_`$

M)0N=QW


MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#_.\_X/
MAO\`DJ__``3Q_PR??M&_P#J4_BBC_@^&_Y*O\`\$\?^R??M&_^I3\***`/
MZ_?^)G_`B1_P='_9H/P1_P#4/LJ_4:ORY_X(F?\`*)'_`()T?]F@_!'_
M`-0^RK]1J`BBB@`HHHH`***_.7X[_'_`.,GP@_:]_9@^'P^+_[-UIX_:%^





%SI'
M]J2?!SQQIZJ/$UKX!F\
/8_:9%W:PFLMHR0;KIM0%JK3@`]`_P4?\`RB]_
MX)Q_]F)?LD_^J&\!U]^U^=/_``2IU[3K?_@F'_P3H@D:[\R']A;]DR)]FEZM

M\))I?K??^?6O_E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U`&]16#_P`))I?K??\`@GUK_P5
MU'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_`.5U`&]16#_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_Y7
M4`;U%8/_``DFE^M]_P?6O_`)74?\))I?K??^?6O\`Y74`;U%8/_2:7ZW
MW_@GUK_Y74?\))I?K??^?6O_E=0!O45@_\`2:7ZWW_`()]:_\`E=1_PDFE
M^M]_X)]:_P#E=0!O45@_\))I?K??^?6O_E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U`&]16#
M_P`))I?K??\`@GUK_P5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_`.5U`&]16#_PDFE^M]_X)]:_
M^5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_Y74`;U%8/_``DFE^M]_P?6O_`)74?\))I?K??^?
M6O\`Y74`;U%8/_2:7ZWW_@GUK_Y74?\))I?K??^?6O_E=0!O45@_\`2:7
MZWW_`()]:_\`E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_P#E=0!O45@_\))I?K??^?6O_E=1_PD
MFE^M]_X)]:_^5U`&]16#_P`))I?K??\`@GUK_P5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_`.5U
M`&]16#_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_Y74`;U%8/_``DFE^M]_P
M?6O_`)74?\))I?K??^?6O\`Y74`;U%8/_2:7ZWW_@GUK_Y74?\))I?K??^
M?6O_E=0!O45@_\`2:7ZWW_`()]:_\`E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_P#E=0!O45@_
M\))I?K??^?6O_E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U`&]16#_P`))I?K??\`@GUK_P5
MU'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_`.5U`&]16#_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_Y7
M4`;U%8/_``DFE^M]_P?6O_`)74?\))I?K??^?6O\`Y74`;U%8/_2:7ZW
MW_@GUK_Y74?\))I?K??^?6O_E=0!O45@_\`2:7ZWW_`()]:_\`E=1_PDFE
M^M]_X)]:_P#E=0!O45@_\))I?K??^?6O_E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U`&]16#
M_P`))I?K??\`@GUK_P5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_`.5U`&]16#_PDFE^M]_X)]:_
M^5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_Y74`;U%8/_``DFE^M]_P?6O_`)74?\))I?K??^?
M6O\`Y74`;U%8/_2:7ZWW_@GUK_Y74?\))I?K??^?6O_E=0!O455L[R^B
MUN93&':

_
MY1(_\$Z/^S0?@C_ZA]E7ZC5^7/\`P1
_Y1(_\$Z/^S0?@C_ZA]E7ZC4`%%%%





M]^T;_PI3\***`/Z_?\`@B9_RB1_X)T?]F@_!'_U#[*OU&K\N?\`@B9_RB1_
MX)T?]F@_!'_U#[*OU&H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`OC'_@H[_RCU_;M_PS




M2S/%XS+\/@W5]I4Y?A^(\\XXRWBWPYR+A[PJ\1.
LCXRS'


MY%PS0H1G@L!5QN:95EF*RZG+$YY*&%Q?ML5!9;@\+C\5BXTUDY?U455LKR






+_@I+\-?B;-^Q)^


ME:I_T
=]_P`&B__`OH`WJ*P?[*U3_H8[[_`
`-%_\`E?1_96J?]#'??^`&
MB_\`ROH`WJ*P?[*U3_H8[[_P`T7_`.5]']E:I_T

MK5/^ACOO_`#1?_E?1_96J?\`0QWW_@!HO_ROH`WJ*P?[*U3_`*&.^_\``#1?
M_E?1_96J?]#'??\`@!HO_P`KZ`-ZBL'^RM4_Z&.^_P#`#1?_`)7T?V5JG_0Q
MWW_@!HO_`
KZ`-ZBL'^RM4_Z&.^_\`-%_P#E?1_96J?]#'??^`&B_P#ROH`W
MJ*P?[*U3_H8[[_P`T7_Y7T?V5JG_`$

M:I_T


MH8[[_P``-%_^5]']E:I_T
=]_P`&B__`OH`WJ*P?[*U3_H8[[_`
`-%_\`
ME?1_96J?]#'??^`&B_\`ROH`WJ*P?[*U3_H8[[_P`T7_`.5]']E:I_T
=]_X

M*U3_`*&.^_\``#1?_E?1_96J?]#'??\`@!HO_P`KZ`-ZBL'^RM4_Z&.^_P#`
M#1?_`)7T?V5JG_0QWW_@!HO_`
KZ`-ZBL'^RM4_Z&.^_\`-%_P#E?1_96J?]
M#'??^`&B_P#ROH`WJ*P?[*U3_H8[[_P`T7_Y7T?V5JG_`$
=]_X`:+_\KZ`-


MV5JG_0QWW_@!HO\`\KZ`-ZBL'^RM4_Z&.^_\`-%_^5]']E:I_P!#'??^`&B_

MJ7@?]EJRF^-7B?3+M]
2\/9MG\ZZRWJ=#!PA5S#

36H8'*LLHU)

L2XU\9.

^$]VN7^.OQ-\
[OB!XHL


M&+233/!


MN70QF5Y;&I?V.


HX%_M+-L







WDHSKU
7.M6G.I5K5:TZE6O4G6J
M3D_K+P+_`

M_P#P3Q_[)]^T;_ZE/PHHH`_K]_X(F?\`*)'_`()T?]F@_!'_`-0^RK]1J_+G




NP$ZSP




+<;







97Q^/





M5773;N]U
(*&#S)82CC:N+C6S/&5<L[H8G


T_5((Y1B5(=1LX


M\$3/^42/_!.C_LT'X(_^H?95^HU?ES_P1
_Y1(_\$Z/^S0?@C_ZA]E7ZC4`%


MYL[RW*^=:7*1`'JU%%%`!1110`5\8_\`!1W_`)1Z_MV_]F:_M0_^J.\=U]G5

MOOVO@+_@E'_RB]_X)Q_]F)?LD_\`JAO`=??M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11


$$*-)
M+--+(RQQ0QQHSR2R
J(BLS



MAWK_`(HT]Y/L'B;Q3X4T&X\/67C'4[1)[I(+7Q2VK:*\MR;JZTNXNX+.:U_%



M

(9O@LQHYG&GAZTZ4

M=CS7]JL?OQ#\?6EK%XFNA\*O`L=M;P6?@'P/J$:>*+S3HHUBAL_$7C+3EBM
M]!LQ#%&@T+P,L30P/Y#>)I4#0CUSP_X;\+^!M$72?#NE:7X

U0P^$[7RAYAGM-%N?$6MH(V:/(
M^!51?AO\5_B?.^*_P`1&\
:'+][X=_!JYU'0+:2(LA-MXA^)=VL/C36E:)I

5=;B/&?S/)


2L90Q52E-I+

M\M7&OEQ=9Q:TGA_J$9)N
Z





M'^]#T..#V/7%?#?C']G/]IWQ'^T!'\4]&_;+N?7PVBUCP\+7X26/[.7PBUF
M_P!)\%V,FF2^*_&A?%/Q)/J?BC27\?/8SMXB\11Z;+J4;36(TZ&W30=$CLP
M#YJF_PBGB#PG\*_A_^U=XOL=#OO@'\8?'?[2?A'PWX+TO1=0L/'/A30O@=




M6+[2MZ;


/\`X)T02W@66']A;]DR*1?(NVVR1_`CP(CK

M@G'DD_\`&7[)/\`$?\`H@O@,#OV``'L`.U??F![_F?\:`,'_A)]%_Y_1_X#
MWG_R-1_PD^B_\_H_\![S_P1JWL#W_




'_A)]%_Y_1_X#WG_P`C




'_A)]%_Y_1_X#WG_P`C4?\`






_XUR?C;QWX)^&WAV^\6_$#Q9X?\%^&-.`-[KWB?6;
M+1-*@=@YBA-YJ$\$+W

3B:M.AAZ%&FG*I5K5JLH4Z5*$4Y3J3E&

M\_\`D:L[6/'_`(



.6G/S*6*SW.(4ZG#F3
M0CE]:



M\7VWI'P2\%6EU;:IXB34_B!KEH


+


M!XOC;
L;XBUZ5JD\!F-/_53PWPLXVC.X6PF.Q699[A)RCM1K\39]4Q6&KQ



CB



*BC!O+
=
MG@^$Z$DHMTZ'V%;P6-HPJ1C5PU3B:MQ)F6$J14J&91LK?E#RZ-=\^85:F.E
M)\SHU+0P

(0C%)1C&*48
MQ2222222/02222222222LDEHDDM$DM$EL8/_``D^B_\`/Z/_``'O/_D:C_A)
M]%_Y_1_X#WG_`
C5O8'O^9_QHP/?\S_C5C
'_A)]%_Y_1_X#WG_R-1_PD^B_



M(VX!'.W!SP35NBB@`HHHH`_SO/\`@^&_Y*O_`
$\?^R??M&_^I3\***/^#X;
M_DJ__!/'_LGW[1O_`*E/PHHH`_K]_P)G_*)'_@G1_V:#\$?_4/LJ_4:ORY
M_P)G_*)'_@G1_V:#\$?_4/LJ_4:@`HHHH`^)/VOO@1^TE\;%\)6?P:_:?\


M+L=9^.7Q9^(EYXT^)?B?XL6$/C/7D\


M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4BLK`




?`5]JOB7

^R'



M%[[X/?M-Z=)&7^TPR_L\?$N_:V$;
7X8^6)F17=(V(++&^W)&
M#\
^!.
KVI\

MR/#:)M8W
L+@9+FLDI1QE2A*+3:C)-)PE[LDG9'TM17R\W[9?[.\3O%=^-=6


]%:?'KX'7\27%A\9/A5?02LRQ3V?Q%\'7

C*YC98Y(=:='99`8VDD.

1+1.23[-I





$$TK




M:EK]K^R=\++IB_EVVE6^H?&C7-/:

MXOZ_+#5^'
LKP?*JBP=7.\'_`&_7KT&W.


`_A]=
MVNCZOJ5SJ?BS48C+I'@7PMIM]XI\<ZN@!(ELOVBQ76IK9Y!#ZI?166D0'FY
MOX5!-?






OHT\/3B


MAE-7\366G^*/BUJENV)-/\`Z7-QX1\#F2


+^?Q1XZU)&#+)'+XBU/S+BPLW4@#
M`
M`'KTQR2?YD\^_6EHK[,]`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B







MTAOTUV\\!PZB_B:TTA[*YMKQ-0N--CM7M;JUG64Q7
#2=9X1^(W@'Q\^L1^!


M^K4YSA'$YA75#+

_
!^)_P`?
M_CX%@^!7A:3X

A^GL8_S_`#/4

GA']I/Q%?W_`(6O9UU#0[KX;Z1;
M6'B7P]J=K+I^N^';^:/Q7.T-OJ=C



MLJK91B
BX8Q-&IEF8*M#%X-U
1DM7$K#RIXFI2IPC62PU&4*.&]C2I480^'G

C_//Y^GXU^'W\^W
M_`_X!^Z6[+^M/^!^`W:/5O\`OIO\:1XXY%*2(LB


D@WHP]&5LJ1[$'FO--

?P[T.];2&\0PZWKZ[U'AKPG:WOB_Q'YJ$CRI-&\-6^IWEJS/A`]\EK&/
MSRH`2,4^+_BQXD&/?PWM?UG(J/'K?Q0UF*UN`I;#/%X.\*/K&I3?+EA!JF
MM^'YLX618CDCXO$^(7]'$5L%@
PJ\09EAYNE7R[A;!XSB3&82O&W+1S)9-1





'/`F#Y;6Q.*X9RK.LPERIJ$YXG.
+B\/0Q$+WCB
KP662

O'][I8T2]




#-5_P$7275/&'C
MN2(36_P^\:9-XI\8.C;3'-?Z?8D6GARQE#975O%5_H6E`!F:]VJU<8/!'QE


TVH


M7MN1M-OKGQ#E@?0O##2&






MBBB@`HHHH`****`/\[S_`(/AO^2K_P#!/'_LGW[1O_J4_BBC_@^&_Y*O_P3
MQ_[)]^T;_PI3\***`/Z_?\`@B9_RB1_X)T?]F@_!'_U#[*OU&K\N?\`@B9_
MRB1_X)T?]F@_!'_U#[*OU&H`****`/RI_PBGP0^(7[:FH^$_V0?!W@G]E2








M_*/7]NW_`+
U_:A_]4=X[H`\V_X)56.KR?\`!

M]EV;^4C?`CP(4C\QI`TGEKA/

M&\C4?`_P\N+%](\'7#.8DD^*GQ#NW/A#X:VJNK-)::O=W7BJXA5WTCPKJT@$


M8_

H5
ZC\J*6:+Q+)H7




R;AVE/W9TZN90SS




BX
M3RN

M
5BJ^/K4U*


MO&C+?_%;XH:5\/\`2IG\W_A_A)I=G_:HA;=M@U'QSK4%_+;2J,9-#MK@AB
M3!JN0KU^5X;QCRS/





5*4HQ4?K+KIR7*U.5E]P^(/&'[5UY?QVW
M@_X3Z9I.C

M:U&-Q2.[NB3


C*K$+;.P:1]TCWR[]J]/;^&OVB)U!O_BI\






XJ

M`

I-

I-E_\`


M%%`']?O_``1
_P42/\`P3H_[-!^/\`ZA]E7ZC5^7/_``1
_P42/\`P3H_
M[-!^/\`ZA]E7ZC4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7QC_P4=_Y1Z_MV_\`9FO[
M4/\`ZH[QW7V=7QC_`

M^S$OV2?_`%0W@.OOVO@+_@E'_P`HO?\`@G'_`-F)?LD_^J&\!U]^T`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!115'4=3T[2+*XU'5;^STW3[6
S7-]J%U!965O$HRTD]W


5XZ;XX



M3QF:8;9N3BM3;^-_[7-A\%O'!\%W/@74/$
HT73-8_M&VUZRTZ+;J
E[&+?[






ZX&R/B[!5N$L+XI83)

8K^
M[.&_!#P_S?PLR[B3



M)W+8V\'F
Q4%BVYF(RQ)YKC?&WQF^'G@&^@T76-;-]XKO4W:;X(\






5Z9\

MM6M_%/B!-5^)/CBW;?#XU^)-^/%6M6


MHX.M1NK.6&QN+I


MPI4:-*G%0ITJ5*FHPITX02C$(J,8I1BDDD;1C&$8PA&,812C&,4HQC%*RC&
M*LDDM$DDDM$%%%%:V7;^OZ2^XH****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`/\[S_`(/AO^2K_P#!/'_LGW[1O_J4_BBC_@^&_Y*O_P3Q_[)]^T;
M_PI3\***`/Z_?\`@B9_RB1_X)T?]F@_!'_U#[*OU&K\N?\`@B9_RB1_X)T?
M]F@_!'_U#[*OU&H`****`BBB@`HHKY.\2?&[QUH?[;OP?\`V=(M.\(S?#CX

M`&9-2_:7\(OX-MM4L(O^$?$7PQT#XA?#;6CJVKZP_B9_#[?&?X?RZ%XWM4


HOV4OVGO#$GAJ;7;9-73Q!)\&_'&G)H
M[6?^L%^U](EJ+?&XS

M






U'V69TN'
XP^51DW!-8NE'`X
MKB:A!*::JT.&




MW@^^O4QK'[27Q'N2=P9-'_X5GX:@PPVD*=+^'_VU/W8[EOMZR,\\312%F]
MLSQ:J0S/@_Q`SR5:



M[D8K
CA)TI1EAL0X9?B<;A7%J7^S9QC\QS'/*$92]Z48XWE<OLV4

MMRC).0`


M]-:DU@:_/+35NI+9:L^+OV]OVHM1^&WB;1_A[\.=.\+IXKN=$M=

M_;
H1ZUHGAO2/$-GKVHZKKUH&_LVYU




J2JX3

Q#R:AETE3C6C*
TL'*4*?M/:0Q

M8VP.IZK
K

M$FK24*E1OV$);NCAU2HWNU31N].E%87_``D_A[_H
6'_`($)_C1_PD_A[_H

M``D_A[_H
6'_`($)_C1_PD_A[_H
6'_@0G^-`&[16%_PD_A[_H
6'_@0G^-'


6'_`($)_C1_PD_A[_H
6'_@0G^-`&[16%_P
MD_A[_H

6'_`($)_C1_PD_A[_H
M6'_@0G^-`&[16%_PD_A[_H


6'_
M`($)_C1_PD_A[_H
6'_@0G^-`&[156TO;2_B

MH8$CJ


/@QXRU#Q&?%?_26RZ9



M#8P`0,8&.E?:%?&/_!1W_E'K^W;_P!F:_M0_P#JCO'=`'(?\$H^?^7O_!.
M/))_XP2_9)_B/_1!?`8'?L``/8`=J^_
#W_
_P-?`?_``2C_P47O\`P3C_

_XT8'O^9_QI:*`/S'_:1_9;^+?Q
^+_`(C\


MF![_`)G_`!HP/?\`


M/?\`



MF![_`)G_`!HP/?\`
_XTM%`!1110`4444`?YWG_!\-_R5?\`X)X_]D^_:-_]
M2GX444?\'PW_`5?_@GC_P!D^_:-_P#4I^%%%`']?O\`P1,_Y1(_\$Z/^S0?
M@C_ZA]E7ZC5^7/\`P1,_Y1(_\$Z/^S0?@C_ZA]E7ZC4`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!7QC_P4=_Y1Z_MV_P#9FO[4/_JCO'=?9U?&/_!1W_E'K^W;_P!F:_M0
M_P#JCO'=`'(?\$H_^47O_!./_LQ+]DG_`-4-X#K[]KX_P4?\`RB]_X)Q_
M]F)?LD_^J&\!U]^T`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%

M*?A110!_7[_P1
_Y1(_\$Z/^S0?@C_ZA]E7ZC5^7/_!$S_E$C_P3H_[-!^/
M_J'V5?J-0`4444`%%%%`!112-C!!Z'Y3SC[W&,CGDG%`'F4?QL^#4OQ0E^$






MOK


M




MQ#_T&K'_`




M&K'_`




MII3&BIYLSJJM+)M`\R5E55:1]TA50I8@`4L4$
)D


MFT#?*P50\CY=@JAF.T8EHH`*^
?^CO_`CU_;M_[
U_:A_]4=X[K[.KXQ_X

M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`_P`[S_@^&_Y*O_P3Q_[)]^T;_PI3\***/\`@^&_
MY*O_`
$\?^R??M&_^I3\***`/Z_?^)G_*)'_@G1_P!F@_!'_P!0^RK]1J_+
MG_@B9_RB1_X)T?\`9H/P1_\`4/LJ_4:@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*^
?\`
M@H[_`

M0_X)1_\`*+W_`()Q_P#9B7[)/_JAO`=??M?`7_!*/_E%[_P3C_[
2_9)_P#5

M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#_.\_X/
MAO\`DJ__``3Q_PR??M&_P#J4_BBC_@^&_Y*O\`\$\?^R??M&_^I3\***`/
MZ_?^)G_`B1_P"='_9H/P1_P#4/LJ_4:ORY_X(F?\`*)'_`()T?]F@_!'_
M`-0^RK]1J`BBB@`HHHH`****`/+/CE\6?#_`

?![X


NV]M=!)#;7$NF:
ME<K;W*H[6\_ES!6*!3XC\)/V=-:\(_$B#XP_$_Q_!\3/B3I'P<\/_`?PYKEC
MX7/@^TM/`NC:_)XGUK5M2TP:_P(([WQO\0-?@T'4O&.HV

ZM<P:;9Z9:P37=U?316MO%+/(
MB-^E],**<\OSZ22#KZ888_#&.U`'\W'_``3^_P"S'[!/P,_81_8M^OQ/\`

\I?63_O\`2_\`Q='E
M+ZR?]_I?_BZ`/QPD_P^'_!
]L-0T_\`81_;


SQ*LTB
TB*S(`6520`?*OV9?A




M[/\`@FA_T47]H;_Q`?\`;W_^AKH_X?V?\$T/^BB_M#?^(#_M[_\`T-=?L9Y2




?$_@/QO^U'XA\1SV4UA\7OV

M+=+)=26=H`?GI_P_L_X)H?\`11?VAO\`Q`?]O?\`^AKH_P']G_!-#_HHO[0
MW_B`_PWO_\`0UU^QGE+ZR?]_I?_`(NCRE]9/^_TO_Q=`'XY_P##^S_@FA_T

S
?S8D_AG%+0`4444`?YWG_!\-_R5?\`X)X_]D^_:-_]
M2GX444?\'PW_`5?_@GC_P!D^_:-_P#4I^%%%`']?O\`P1,_Y1(_\$Z/^S0?
M@C_ZA]E7ZC5^7/\`P1,_Y1(_\$Z/^S0?@C_ZA]E7ZC4`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%?.W[2G[0FC_L\^$OVISZ5+XB\7_$GX@^'OA1\



M:?X8U



MVTU/5-/\/-H.F:9H.B0I/K?BKQ?XS\2Z/X(\!^#=%CE9(!K'C'QMXCT#PUIT
MUW)%8VMSJB7FH3V]A;7










MV\U/36TSPW-;ZSX3@TZVN=*M-4M;;3;UK^Y:\ND:QB`/L^BOA[]G/XN?M0:I

M3]GQ_PV8/B[X
--$GUR#6


M'_U#[*OU&H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*^?\`X]?!&?XNM\)_


'QR










Z#I$.W\(/V=]=^&7[0G[5_QMO/&6D:W8?M):







MQKUC]ICXF:MX



M*`O._B[\,/WQM^%/Q


M_P#4I^%%%'_!\-_R5?\`X)X_]D^_:-_]2GX444`?U^_\$3/^42/_``3H_PS
M0?@C_PH?95^HU?ES_P1

MC?\`U*?A110!_7[_`
$3/^42/_!.C_LT'X(_^H?95^HU?ES_`
$3/^42/_!.
MC_LT'X(_^H?95^HU`!1110`4444`%%%%`!6?+JVEPR/%-J-A%+&VUXY+VUCD


M\GP\

83]'+893.K46;XG

-05
M-.E/+L%AL=5E5YXWC4IXG

!P*_5'Q'^SG\&G\/:ZFD?3P)_:K:



M/@SG?B!G&$K5?K.3K#//Y93D&0PH8B$7667QKPQ4JE.6
=.=*
)*I_5?@+AO

M%P'EBA):596C(VJRJ2#]H?VWH_\`T%=-_P#`^S_^/5^?/[*O[
O]GZ?XU7XW







_'?Q'^VY^Q/^T=
M\
?`'A_QOX*_9T^'W[6'AKQO8:C\1-
\%^(+[4OC]H_PDTCPS_PC=GJ.AZI9


M(87O;;PREP?'6H7]GJXN/#2S_8-4T34'%]XF+WU]8UT&1^P9^)OPX6?Q3;-X
QO88I-66S226TNHD+2
M6\R)3N/B]\*;30=!\57?Q,^'UMX8\57'V7PQXBN/&OAF'0O$5S]H-K]GT+5Y
M=473M8G-R#!Y.G7-S)YP,)7S1LK\G?A_^S3^U5X0_9R\._#WQ#^SM^R_XE^-
M?P,T_P!/PJTSXW+XJTS6_%O[0/PP^%WQQ\(_$*_\<Z3+XO^'#+\-?B
EGH%

M-0\&Z_\`!CQM^U#XO\5^&X=6\3Z+!XNO?#]G:?M`:)I'AWQ+?ZI]IU.7P_K\


T3Q19^&/''PY^)OP
MT?Q9X)T+Q-H

MK?PO6^._P$^
'C/XSZ]XX;P9X`^+7PS^+G[)'C/]F;QG\+_%'B(:?9^!O$&K





M'$BU5VUR^T[6--U#2KZTTL75Q::E8WEA/''=VL\
?#?#[]IGX
_&+2=\1?

M2O?*T:*33UO_``Q#?^+[&_N-(M[`ZK\$_M=_LS?M'?%GQOK2?#'X=?#'2?![
+=-C_:@\(:/J7A.]
MDMUBA\#^)#%K
]@/#MMJX!^K
OQ7^%\$WBZWF^(_@.*?P!8R:EX[AD\8^'(Y



_P!ISXX_$G5_!OA?PG\//B-^S=^QW\/M

$=(UG56T^P,QLK(WMY;R3&VM3<3F+=LC\V3:







MKVX\3ZAIL?BNUF74_$UX]WJS]@CO;/3Y]-TNX19+!L_9_\`P3H_8U3PKH7
MCSP5^V3^R%\



MZ/%



S?#\$T\&Y9#FW
M%&




M=9^




7_Q$UGX8^&M7B^6/JC])[S]


MQV$NF^

MO[6WP7^


M%/[*_A3]G?X








MJ+5O$7B+PZWBSXQ^&M1\16-_I7BZ^UBY\/\`B#Q/%%IFMWGU8_PI_:1\46GP




M3)-2L(GU*^T^ZTRVTZ:WU#6=0N9)9Y5L9+


TK2)-2EUK3]NSX5ZUI%U\0?#%AK&O?!+0;GX+:=


M`&2OB

M?A110!_7[_P1

MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`&[5#%P!N954M@;BJEBH)ZD*78J2%
M+

M-%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!56











P


M(XH\'9N/YD_M;:)XT@_X*




MQ-\*O%




OA3XWTCX
?M9?MQ?#+Q#\5?V=_#U]!XH^(NE







M2[?2=+\




M'7Q





MIGA#6=?T;QUX
U/PXITKQT?$J^&[_1-;8WOAGQ/;W+^$M=@OG\-ZWJIT2]LV



M'U





DGQB\4?M



O[7GPO^!WQ2^&

M*[\

M\0/C%\

MZ++I

M^M:7=2^(-1U.+7=4EUR_T36Q9`'[F[A@GYN
\%6!./0$`MZ#`.3P.:\@^%GQ



M







$Z
M/^S0?@C_`.H?95^HU?ES_P`$3/\`E$C_`
$Z/^S0?@C_`.H?95^HU`!1110`



G
M-&!Z#G!/`Y(Q@_A@8],EHH`0JK8W*#@Y&0#@^HST/O00#U`/7J



MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`/\[S_@^&_P2K_\`!/'_`+)]^T;_`.I3\***/^#X
M;_DJ_P#P3Q_[)]^T;_ZE/PHHH`_K]_X(F?\`*)'_`()T?]F@_!'_`-0^RK]1

MQ;\-:1XB\










M$?\`Y











M$?\`Y











M$?\`Y





MF4?\/M/^2'_`$D7_9_\/9X1_\`DR@#^0/_`(/AO^2K_P#!/'_LGW[1O_J4
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxEffectsAllocatedDirectlyToEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#
W
ENVS`0QO%[@;Z#H&MA

MNPZ1/[D\8_?=;#_X&&%\M
/ASM\;W)W[[E^-Z5H=GGCOJG!QXBO^_CW9Y^
M3=-%]'R1(RFG[;9K=#LUEX-_`Y&=C5:MW6OMACY:KM&@NO$^]S/]EX=MO%SD



A:4&0M

M5@H*L5)@C`6-8V&

M0$[^````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`M54P(_4```!
`@``P`(`E]R96QS
M+RYR96QS(*($`BB@``(`````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````````````(R2ST[#,`S&[TB\0^3[
MZFY(*&ENTQ(NR%4'L`D[A^UC:


%A6



:^^
M3F/=%)3JB4\/SB\^1D;AR#[J4#I[GHSSQ)P7#8R4DP.YK=R1HVLF:;A(8F


MS%QWDW[9.OQ[-Z$A!#6;@1HBT+(]RV+/$C:21231=@)JBLBS[+L!%F8'\_V
M+`\]R[,]RT//BFS/BI#+D0WF
E
[V2D*[;

M['A$P8`


W6N88RMVR56RARR_8L
MSW+LSW+0\^*;`9&$$1=O/4%9%%B+#;IZZ(`O)LF_#0)B(;S!&2F3]Q@F3F
M3^0@F0U;7`9JR[E9:R')O
#I(YL


_MP`LYY

M%=)LUFB(&LNV*@NMRK.MRF.K$G9Z!+_W0Y][X;&797N#A4+W;&_PT!LB&SP1

)D5.SVB8'[XXR:XIS%L
ANH

:/<;N5%V$R^



M]G4[ZB&`Y^JMGVY6+/%^I]/9OO:7=8ME\?8BY
](OZH@/J?ZVTJJ]-XJ$EPD

9EH@IG+*\^#[')E%I-
GE;XW&JER


FCK7+H]2()=L0





[+AHPLCV%K+^SP=Q6J2=*K/#UX&YG9`HMR;9FQO0VPH)@\#@I(!O9T0
M5QMN<9(0RK(3XF+#+!IARSK+LRPH6$=MHJ^POF0SC1:VMF&=
Q`FT_=8G
MW'C`_M-7;/N5F



'FS$WRP%A!CX=
I'L66*7;T#^C[G^O$
M8_9].IP75B2;D8X9LD.%
RRT+8(KC995FX
M1;XD#!+(2NPGR)K[FO]7?5
MFY0CD@$IE(6.JA`O00,1D$)9-TA
TS;0WE(@FWK+6]VA[PF8N`K==U0I0!V

CA2Z
M5T6_.`F.JAHMH?$)O]D&T
@R

MS.YPG+A:LPY#/510'])Y`(N9(YT10XW!D7G5
\93/V(6
T-Z($







M%L?=[2\OI^ZR?3R`[J\BWNZ

M]J!`+?OBTC[?!Y_$;1/)8/5P-R[0W_OVO7?^7O2OW7MSV3_]NC^UL-H0)Q6!




YI0ASE(+MM9#8441B$F69I#%<IE4$82FT,5RF-
M07!A,+,98<IZ'\!BV%FG:SKM'&;
1]%&(MPPZ07B(C'`C.F'*6(*`UYR#BE
M=BE9FF816[W&89`05V8T:6L3!=SF
D&75M
IF$#%`@P)%%&.LLS-A259Q1
M4T:2A!E=W
9A$%50LV94*2M3E5*'.4)0E8S39


M
A^9Y#OO^SYJXB

MF\)8&H
Z-6]$R$I491X;?&T


M##-^4!8:
4VT9)PH7;


*
+FP.BBVV.'+XAJE**NFYD-J/

AU&+))
M%AKA1LOES$4+GT^
FHP2S43+85!EJ@6848:=@:M



4KC4D@


MY&9I+=/JL#2I+







M.5%J/@K_5;EQ*32E57\SHPW;'J)-L


5UMC1Y-(S%;ZI]$V5;ZI]4T-
9(JP8=PI8D6!




``/__`P!0
M2P




MF00M;6L$!3IBIQ\#AO;AKVIJ&8&%R(?10`B38%A-X8+Y\UXM5#R21B&JPA

MDQ@HPQ&3CDL(Q$XA5%BY

730@$
A$B2FN2&3X+)WP2;)3&




`^`3QDS]X)LP_L79_@\``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A

MC]L@%(7WE?H?$/LQMN/$DRC.:*)1VI%:J:KZ6!.
HK):NGOYX_@@SE[1Z91PQ<MRF^BXW#9497@*U2

\GB3I%*
M-W8CW%Z


1D5%T:3Z-3&#=;8(
8;(\
M&P$^\#IHLC--/BHN+$#RGRQN%8I\ALGRZ0@*5D%SAQ6TR)G5*8V;O4PSS:XM


!!^
MG[3_P?)[`R000A12-53=*FW2-.W'LP
&K&*


ZSPF]K#GQ$@^8

MCZS0=8H7RUD4^XM@'F&TITH_

M#G--S#7$2`P
X$#
N2/&.NY(%$Y%.$SLYF
1K2;^;.0/@\#OBQ@)6+XKP%BG


0U8!4M)_)@\QB&






M:$V&:VN[%2&&U5Q2
U$=;\%3*BVIA:.NB.DTIX4/D@U)HFA.)!4M#@PK_1$.
1-]*._


@T10:R_1J5YGS3#$G$N9
M+J:C%`$S[6$60T1^#3$0`20]$;[YO6J=%P:DEVBZF`U3;0/FFIAKB($8&



BYX;6R
5%UOVC`4?9^T


M\V0;SAT!F4+W#C7+0FQK.&2VHGNN`)/I8VD#HZF)K8SG);ADFS)-$FNB:1

MEQT97A7X+EUN9YBL5Z$^?P0_V

A+^+$=M;I^7?$I]])YD^D:2@<PW/Y@N7R912$C@GCJZ
M7AE]0#`4$,IVU(]8N@1K_PZ@0(R[[SSWH`!LP7K\SI-;A8K\@S%8&^@300M
M


&PO=V]R:W-H965T
M<R]S:&5E=#@W+GAM;(R5W6^;,!#`WR?M?[#\WO`1$T44C6KNE7:I&G:Q[-C

M^

M&
A?U[S3/4W0C^`$48_[[HI*T0%BQQMN7AP4(T%7#U4K%=DU4/=SE!#:L]WA



DQ1N
MD%KEK=4Z&Q!KD#YMHG9K(,GN`QZ--IZHR5&@]%\L`@@S!`+^--8\W(9;63

MR=(!Y)/W-A\(!8
PM578Z6V&MN#.(RF=*_.O#I.XR'X616+BV@K':$7@Z]/
MW*OM3$#D-]'91;25CMGR_5HK^[1BY/Z+&N[)4\CVE^(E8[0UY.LO;I'7[^!
MAJ&]@+;2$7HY07OU$3U/3O=UEC7LFTML)[;PTUBFB^E8'HU\.Z
XRZ;]])O(


8V6MM8

(\CN\2W/T)E)Q47A87?B8
2*4$2\2#S\^]?S
MPQHCI6D1T4P4S
/O3.%'__.GW47(5Y4RIA$X%
K#J=;EEA`5IBRG:B)*5L!









J+JF)5
L;




2]V()7
@=
K3#`QD;O/1
M[7H

MXW'_C%7`I!W

MDHZ8BR




\(BL3-M-SJ$VW:D6)'@
MNW=1IAL-ZX_?SD[ZMYOIMY_*9X_H



M%)!*M]2.6+@&0JL\7D`#
^N\LUZ'`;
&Z\LV#(-H0UZ@&=D)M/.@%48=:#9$




QCA8`+@
M0DIS/MB7J/N#V/X'``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`_4+@D@`(``.8%```9

`R]#]A_$'1O9
=)
MO`1QBB9%MP(K

A_A

M7RMMZ+Z%NI_3&64G[G!X1R\%



S'U33/EV
_;)[G./F7V:SW1P%QK^)82FYJON-M:Q'3
M!P7W


$%``&
:*B:5-VMM)56J[T\.V#`*F!D.TW[]SNV






RP24O

M_H.U%)H-UZ0O8


M&FZ*P*6$Z&L:!/XB]EZA.]D)M+6@-48#*'01NQZAFPI&!C=PCJF;N3^(Z^Q$

M



MH:*D.UK7$F7\T)KME



M^YWM)&`'T;ZTY+[/Y^_N[/
M'UZK






+\'QN3R.KN2J+FWU=.&YNW5J.587CB
7S1P4



MOM.Q+^Z8K3



U3(HZ0Z61J
$.INP8XK]4+PQ
M[^B&*Y@ZS
\#C)


+*=IOWW.\9`
72D

%%C:K2`DK1\8++.&1GQQ1

=CS0A
4O.!2FE)N$DQQ+TBXQ6HF4KDO?0
M%9@_GJN;A!454!QH3N5+38JL(MD\G$K&\2&'N)^].4Y:[OIA1%_0A#/!CM(&

.VV*84(5-HM3HXANO




MK*SI
;.#
28V
0O;7[O]:]9G-0*!=^2-0)35#
3S7-=
9Z1!L'
7[3#A5Q'Q
M%
+0N31T#OM#K5[K#XV9DGL5$4\A#+F!(;=M8V4=I=4;I+4!-0WBVN[*!.R'





+*!PC



9=2

M&.
==R8.%Q
Q#I/8.8GR9AD0Z^_]ZQ(Q&+FR*




EGTS-N47`T)H<U]9V:T(
J[FD9J8Z
MWH*G5%I2T==$=-I3@L?)!N21-&22I:'!C6^B

M])M:=.;
T^2G$A2D'GR@^ER,`E?`'WU-+M1JLC@J&`5*:C;L3B-1`ZY<L(&LB<
M\]9Y/0;
!JS/VSBZSC;D&9K!3J[`%IAU(/2,6+W'\0;A(27@X4
I63OLEQ




MAQF*9@`NE;+G@WL*^A=Z^P\``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`!_(-_3K`@``
3.

Y=
EO?O









M-3M(KEPD


M47A?C-C!.BU_1U!ZHHHDPQ-)!C)/]V!ZVYE$(2&!+75TM33ZB&`H()1MJ1^Q







MI\V)\6=1$B(=8&A$C$HIV[7KBJPD-18SUI(&/`7C-9;PR`^N:#G!N0ZJ*S?P



MP7SCOD!UL@Z4&-`*.3THL!&[
T)52/&F`X
+RGIYD-A87NCU:I1WI
8^*)DB



M_P$``/__`P!02P
I6:9.F


M?[

7P8IOK*50;-@FO0$[SA^U]*'00S#9OYA];S;@AT`%

#W1C@GJNJ1]VJPED<;5UJ19$YJC.WY-MA;)1?]G;
H9J]
M2:5'7:HH?CTLYK2G5I




D.590]U



APYL.##XHZ^5!85-YLZ!78[QC-?%LHN4:
M






!;09ND6V[N18O6

MNKJ



#\V2'/7Q6.;%YSI_
MJXI+IY
TQ3GK@'][*J]MGZW*EZ2KLN;U[?HAKZLKI'@NSV7W0R5UG2I_^/IR
MJ9OL^0SG_BZB+.]SJS=6^JK




ZA.&9OY^[/^OW7HGPY=5#NM?Q(7I]A)_CK5*7L`3AZ]EV]



M!*@8



G0J-X
MV?4`S4+


:5]BQ!OO_+7G$V$CA*B

M`8FF0W3

0IFJ`'7D'/CH\+6^)!I31`U/3/

M!E'8O5RI$#&E?8L0;[^A-E9A)P[0=2-4@W1^Z6:M]^0M5\ZTXB:4T7G6:(*
M8;6VT]2*)=IS]!?&@FB^&WT3

M3-\=)&']EDQM$O9NJNZ'D2%+A^C]1C&]UAH?SG-]LET2VH8*
SW.!Y;(1HT0

`:LEN]+(S\

M3]54QK1?.ML19\
!O?.`*'X[5$8GXB$F(]Z'(\Z'[:;1*%0&;I
\/MS/=YU&/S+3;[KZJI[7/-<=/`%3_Y[@T68!


BYX;6R
5EUOFS`4?9^T
;U+D246:G%2\H3OTATITN__X
M87OFXEF6EH/&!JY0Z52[28(9%;2FDB?M[2!2
%%310\BF
@6T%);EZJJV`1


L.A+X[$APXB\7


!5GZ07!$OWJ37J_.Z/&$

V:F4L
MR
K$KAM&
AC&T


!SB


$%``&

0:L8AO93M/^^UW;


)O13



M?)]O^2Z?MU882*9P\B*?*)$Q.0S3#$A7H4,D%G(H5[+=J/OX7FSFCR8C41
M1:F(.4
*1F

M\#(

26XZ_HD/@T5

M`P!02P



M5*(U)S;)/D(GJ=YLVQY3L@6*E:B%??.D&$DV?5DW2M-5#74?DHRR$[=?W-!+




MKL=`V$!T-T_B+)N1'9C!CJ#%+:A_B7CZ#^(=0D#)60X4TI%SDN&B.8;G648V
MNE81
%D'


MZ)4CXW=+??

MF_\#``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!`##$&&0


!!]K]1_B/P.N1-`P&I#M&VE5JJJ
M7IY-XA!KDSBRS;+[]QW'D(T-8GF!9.;
\?'
V)/5PVM3.R^$\K:-?*G'G)(
MF[.MOLU^O/[:3)'CIX+7#-6K)&;T2@A\WG3ZLCX\^B(D0ZP-*-:JD[):N
M*_**-%A
64=:\)2




-^IKB#`Z94A_?D!^9[V@JG)B6$

$3@#7`TV_2-;U-^Z.29A/_6
%WQT$+G%ON2

M`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`



M^YETA\WIV_?W7[;=X=VD^+K;[RY_]DFGD\/V_O?78W?:?-V;=?_
BLUVR-W_
M$*4_[+:G[MR]7.Y


5.?WC=58=F\26N;5TE1P:X._V6B/

_KC*9LO
M%P^S'Z886P=:






G+T:V#[

MM

I*-=



@I

@I$D#0^@AH4-AX96
5$`$(PBR0M;2V4\()=?<'!P*$&AU$(YFYFNNW58(?#`L=J
M8-2M<X7%=3@^5_!A70W2SJ+IFRM#&]O%HPRG/S#\2@^]SE3(02SR
I*:XM(
MLS





M1-J&M3.&)8

MY1#4E2!-+%)RLRJ\-QQR2A0LD:'$(2(JI;2T$+2?5CK0Z$..L0@A#)6?K:




S1H4#)&AU$*J6F
KZ\-:3W`@R)DM


F@?3G%[4\@$^27

G

ME6C8BFP
79'RYVOU(6-%!10'FE/YNR9%09&MOIY+QM-##G&_XEF:-=SUA4=?


M+Q+*G:A;
I:#)_@



M
4

MRBV4`8S1H^;?@!X]'FT]7O-B@VKUN`/&`


M8@S/'7%O/[M._0
7]@]?1W)_#/0[T*#ZPS4M/'KFXN&A6YO_-G4-:%#0Z+F+
MAP=O;?9*Y;6P

[B^&=2V
PDM=P



Y\WZP

M3H(91CNF]`

8@0X!=;GS<2?SM;D&:J3GD#;
M<U`P1-RW%
APYOT#`24=?(@L9Z\5H6Q&A6M^]89@*23%8XBOH$809)SR&+:
ML0Q4A6^J



M1'P/P+D0NCU`8&(6N=UZF[\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!)MO((?@(`

`Q]'[!_

[-2QG:%-T*[`P[#+LR++MA!+
B2E:?]^E)2XCC

M.S*\S/%=NMS


M1A\0#`6DLBWU(Y8N@=`KGR?00.:==]X;


MTUC$]%[!+8R!M;/&9;Y/EW#/L!$#^P:6/-A)YX#=:VG%GZFIA+*HX250)J


`4$L#

M=#DV+GAM;(Q576^C
J51,MF.)B%&M
U%P=HJQ;]_/=PL
M





'M7@-U*U
M.'Z1K/C&6@K-AFLR%[`7XLE`'PL3@L/!F]
/]@)^2%30DAP:_5


K)B_U_9(6N4SQ;3.(DG$73&*
]5?J!F;

M0-&)RI%

8&IB;
MY)W)6@R$%42?MU$4+C?!

MD_7LC)5V#K&R_3(59(/`2`AJ'0B=ZS71%




ME
RM/KME+X+P#






N+%JP)G28H15TR70M4%_OUK<S?%R#JJ2MIJ
KS1_]/?E&MM'[+T:4WX3B4&RX

M@
SI:_C?B](U!1Z

`C=72Y
'J/HE`RG;4MU@V!T+O?`SY1_D^%Z@H\^@'#R_P#/`
M68B^++-L

4]5$OZHO@7:QB`$AZ
M%X




KEZ1'/9)3B':H!-7X(6Q

M?=37:W*HSDO5FHXFMFX9YD157FA9N0D?JRKQ6UFQ[+\&
EI7C1.S=0+7UHD!
M/S\YV&H'P[4;_.49C%LG

C


1L;@Q/6^[9D0U;



S8L8&):4&*X(3(R9+N:6)P*V/I


?6SHME0^=B)A6$27/[0^


$W6#/]$@W;D;+8P
]$PXE
12O:Z@9ZIAQ(.2FQ1PD4)#R5\E`A0(D2)'4KLGQ&@'#NZ0MX
MVTQR,UHM&^B9<CAH
06)5R4\%#1XD`)4*4V*'$_ADA


';
M:G7UN_NX5]E&RJ9KUK0X



M:*MKT5M1\O2_&B*-J]J)U3B!9^.$P




*QWT;S51$WY3([-J[,FE)I*FFXE8$SH6,E11P+FED65S-A)P)@26TD,
M5P8F9*YLI)X,S,RY,LB]!,RLJ:ULL[X$CE5!QET`6*.B3E3MH^#3!;FNI

3]EPI/LOBP:%$Z6Q30T/RH82#$CN4<%'0XD]




M^FZM=;UN0Q90)X#KOF(/1!VOJL2U'ZZ=@LO[(\PO\19H27L#[-T0Q.4GE=






M




6E^


M6IHAWB#HTY&!AE3-D&D0P/35//6Z$6%8`.8?30O(^_CD#N:4Z`9!F&Z@[3J3



M
PG)EAD/@O&`7

)`&
J


1T;K
M%0VHS`!_3*[=NA%@^`!6K]=\(&3+!\2]
PFU^0`)/*\%L[F#EDB8HF8)1(D
ML+`4!6=A&4OD+%&P1(D$%K9$P5G8@D

Y

T+K3B+#GDDXI&81Q*-8'6I5IS593R2\TC!(Z5&L+JE5IS5

1C\0\
MDF@$FS+5BK
I



:
MYKBR/A9/'



MR+99H%GO&9:\;5#5DJ,\L(IK1D%ZMNSV)Z2VS+,=Z2
M.W=@!'UF5Y;,XLD5.%VT+`_&GIDPC171+.%[$6S@EI

PCB4:PNE0K3K-D/)+S2
$CI4:P

CTA]@I;/C#6OK+G428-^EY56`][Q9?:^&&'42P



MD40C6%VJ%6=U&8_D/%)H1'S9P_JBA_JT:2YK:6=D\#PZ^[XA166D&/JD?^OV
M%*:GR'[YE2U1W]XZ!T^1X6:FJ%9/69OG?%#((Q&/Q#R2:.3B*:RWQ5
LDNN\
MSBR%1H2G?/KMNU)]W&XJ+.3\':0A622M;DA1&55
2/_6[1E





MDHI4

M)!K!ZE*MM%@+3\F)Y'R60B'R?\UYP71*O\BD`#B8GB_8UI*EJ23L4=Z:'5#
MDLJL9#(*R)RD;D]B6HML=.O)C]QPAN]=8DO/?$N:V]+ED);BFPIMJ7$EE);

M^:C-YGEDLWE^H;`3%[84VE)D2[$M);:4VE)F2[DM%;94VM+2EE:V5-E2;4AF
M]XB-M
;L7XZM;=TC=][
FSAY2#(;2(CT#QDQYA?JTC\Z$*70IB);BFTIL:74
MEC);RFVIL*72EI:VM+*ERI9J0S+[1^RE_5+_B`#S\K$6^#-X!XZ`C/Z96-VC




KR4BJ2O!2IAW7]&1_5
MZ92GF5VE;T56MM1)G5V3%NK?7/);\_!6I)]Q5R3UZ]OM6UH5-W#QDE_S]E?G

MH06DVX4Z.VW%'\HZ5C11VFVZ#OHWS^[-Z+_07*J[5^?'.\SZ&W0B2CP4E6O
M!`V.Q`2%I4EIMU/@SUHX9J?D[=K^5=W]+#]?6I#;($72Z@IO@E^AR$D,0-.3
MG]WUGA_;RU;4E@MC)6N*:HC2]:T;D[*BD+ZUK15\1^%E-X5=:+V3N#:.U'@



A84L\V[S!



M!M`54^=U68`2U5-A8UEAP%T4]&XP'!9P%`L+I]Z++2+:Z2/@.LU*7&16?`
M`+II\I4

RJ!9\6KC/W





M2M?ZXR$YS:ES^P'=)N(!]MU)+
S(;..(@R


`
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#E#P%U@P(```



A;X,:Y;DZ(90V7U:ZXPIV
M*FTD=;`T-;&=X;0








M7CF+K^`-(-$^@T8S8[6_#LUM5`6M;PRC29@D3IS@NG.[I&RT@Z$
GPT\
MMAQZ
4T`7&GM#@O?TOWSO?P'``#__P


M:K\#Q7N
)=O8II)L#?=]PSX3XB34`$YA


M$R7E?Q[__NO^
=EMHV:\_3A$Q[-T<HKV

M[?[-W


R?
M7C@
:\J

MLT/GF_+\#(1?+.]FRV#DI?6#W_]74)B!\%NH(`;))$
NLBH+9\%PL4NZP$6Q


M^0]AGU(PU26@_GID+&#WE5\PQ6XSH[HT@KZ[&`6!J]LTT$9
M
)SDPHM*K2I
MT*%EPH]*O2I,*#D`HC*HRI
*'E`HS*LQ1R+N(ZQVT0`OLH455E18*T(%
MXGL)
L35+)C7V(J;NLQ#1R],G5IHD:46#30`JO;1%O81!XNML6VB#41B&'

&:(+


M6BR1N$K1,LT2!`UTWM$O)#&1+VDCUT8JA+$S]=R+@7!#89FPUID#Y_R&5*




MGDTAR?FZ-)'9Q.W0)LUNR/M*-JD`T*;S`8MK15P/$9#5V'`ET5X*[MD=UK




\X=T05W:9'LG



M[L2Q:
`7!9PLJ1.?9
VJ@)

M+J/%)G-W(S.X/5ID49F3._BT3N;W5@$O;:

[Q5PTL]L


M2=]P0D;=H(3(75.G94P
=8]\'@'`9=4+[OUZGN!+J$.)D5J


MU#2EEBFU3:EC2EU3ZIE2WY0&IC0TI9$IC4UI8DI34YJ9TMR4%J:T-*65*:TU

D:2N9%;88XT3:EE2FU3ZIA2


M7]R!]


R!!2:HE!%JI
ME:JJEV=G`0M8(2=S?;O.[8QBXV:[KZLP_&9\1S/V)Y=?WQN:N




J`B*15?D.Z
`-JL)
M4&-+!&





4I\


/RQBV?XXGJZ'+
MM

M6$`^84SE!RQLC_\@;/\``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0OSV


MD=27@R072UG;7J`%BJ(?SXJC)
+:EB$IF[W_OD


MLGCWV_?S:?.M[OJFO=QOU4VTW=278_O47%[NM__^UY=/^7;3#]7EJ3JUE_I^

J^_IV_71LSU=(\=B<FN&/

M_J[BZCCE'K\LTI^;8]?V[?-P`^EV*'0YYOUNOX-



MM7*+0=TF

5'%_SLHN



G0@9($F!28
M9B)EJIB+@B9:CEAH0`C,=:A8QA'%A`@5FP(_I)030A8,;K.BTD7OMSR(
$D
M7(-%2#9.NE8J

5DGH7J)QG-1X[D%W56A-N12+

D!HC)J`D!*8T94JG.7=1

M?`K\D%).#GGV:I*%Q5U%'6R
$ZZCQ*Y93C=5)'1H#*B\VA)`161^?
R]W&





HG

MV'!BZ4-J\HP9(PI4!



MUGYB




@N-=S1

MXEF

R2].2;]2LQ_B[*GA=H


M'_FB
DZD5I02#E





RYX;6R


M]2.:G[CMPP5]RW


:6?
MN%F+4;Y76K3_'
@_4CF2X$@2@LUC'D*W%Q-GQ!;P2#7=;J0X(#@4(*5Z:HZ8

M`B1G7DZM-]$$@_^AKW$\5D@=)+;[$H7!.)N=9\/(&[(C;3AU5[1-=**]'-;;

*^#]`IYVWT0G+OQ)]0[B7`1Q&*ZB8`*!D6=8!D@0


MY&AO62)$V49@Y
-PIDE./)R93




M&XLT




M@^FP9


?][?N


M6
A-&I7SP1BWJX2_!I--12?JB.BD65_,MLRBIR6/MG.]^I*\W^$XT8\4['

M7.TAY




M6B[[L7AJ^@81Z9[MM2/E4WN6^IC-A#8+[1)[P:@MXQ8&.=5R;NBCOM+F




W%X+*8SHA%SQ9E67P8+\^MRU-'


Y]+G.*;_
N_BPL4Y6+]V.@I&M?





\2O


A55=1*@`LYF($H`A`!$`M

S%D;(6LG

MHDG.

%7#F
\#C-G;

F'EC


M9[ERZ`^XY
TZ;P;6PU#[4YOP?!?18;/R8,?6S/S9F,Y&FPG?^%X=7&A5/\;
MEC$^FY)E&J=&AP/






!GS=P[9_#RXF$]*+XWP
M;JR+T%`%$YM0?@RP
^8!='%4P?W)

M)1:2
5H





L/)#=PFS#D3;/P$(Z&?2TE@_Y$[Z?Z9L:P
M
%$;!FLQ9H+
V:9IO@=KVN=9+
FI:08\4A-X







/&@S1
M%E



_:Q9
S)_%]
OSDY^?^?%QT]VC%9N)KSEQ_(1;U&62JJUL6

?U[X7S/9YZ]

S%!Q



N







MQ(92_$9HZK&AXATXNJIF.B4+QYA@#:!]&RWJ+*C;-?!]92B%[:Q3MEXJXF


*&SI<@)F`%/S(+A&=8%F)65!&Q`E+E\&$*!JS#


])GF_;45FE+SS


+46G0MDCT22N\!^`:-(5W624?+F_R7\X
MC@ZS]O@/_$OGR*]LI

MU\!UG\&KSSJPW`;$

M3LE!B-KQ%6)1.[A*\44]NIB9(4Q%GA\0T&6]5,E?:2OVMHI7:C3X(HW
MQ

M#9FF6M_6MT3ZDV76V3)UV7



MX/B791`H3T#\%9T%.)7XUV13R$!-
/+K%%6OB-DX]LUB]9831;O([K%8M*8]

-LBX3J*8PQ%U3^_6JO7
S3L3[D2KY3(&

M%F%
`A_=H^Q8)0]!#X7'TYB^DR2]-!88=%2$I\IC;92TXG;QEDJ?Y(!Y





MPT2Y8&W

&S1D'Z@=C
M/DVA3;


MW3YKEH]$3CW;_P_Q*ADDQJZ2P1PK5&5)58W7\6I];
OD;.V'I#YV$B21.::
M6G-W4IT3(N8G]1-OG2DI#:(FU226[GBO1R65W8UH]

M!18]/3=I

(R.4)R68P_$*.93G$NM

MHQ0#;8&7`T%[P0
UD]2:#:U5*$W`_]%M0Z;;T(-KVWW)
Z:K?H



MK5NK-O;W'G2\&

MF`3-':R


_Q']6+8W

+'M.,0$:;KW-%U&'-GM/#6R
MYIEA.11Z6_G6W__VOPP:RTUE!<Z#+LZ\DNR5%432M^P3]<V-V





M5\04@.B!&
_]'42Z



M9'-(DV?XPN@[KE5?S:LK;B)Z\Z^\RL6U






MBVFJ?7N9!

H51

M'2%X



MQLTD6^C+.UT9H8
;7)%U;V?+%

X_%
=F3+O
M(6^WL=?^1.C&WDXKJ!4T=/6(






U`DK


77X7`E)Y/]
M&$8\;T@
J`)&D
!8`FIE&;Z%VBV[7H%DKRK[P$R]%NBX)*:!O+U=(-.#%&

IX%8S


M


&L(Z;I18WF
I56L5F$^ZUT(JFQ7X]

M'DW[I?AVK:^74=L_]U--_V_;FPD+.NJUFKFIJDWB69






_[2RUBX

H46WXA!_
B.1LUG_NGC;_*?
HY*)*4=
M;CX_?G/DJE
&EVVMK^6K*;[EMM







_A+YHBNK%UMCQ$O(
M6O;G;?1



M[GA3(=2I1I&P6M'VJ+U
6\G[1YFEBX:9&E
?



M2\7U*9*R?C%'\8
27X8+
V4!Y):9`0YFLX7V`KA+W`B?DNL_2KZ?Q]=(8@FY

MIG(PI)2]1KN



FJ/J;0$PF8,N?D=QQY92U(C=ES5=RSO9




LS#.Q5



\1%0?44]AL!U`9:?DS/R:8F6

M7;5D(+M];
CY]@JUZPI#^+D5(#9H0S0RG1NIY6;K#%2I62@PNP=UN+A2YQ$T


M'SS:SMFC'_HXR)

MYF())_8UVN26Z67[D
F[/X;B[T2B\W-B<&D_U^@LOG

M8^+X%B#IL94IY)


M]N


0E=

MJH2




Z#L+96#X-;GDEA]YW[?

MRNY=MI+;O.UZ5D]/)V4R?&F(CZ[YOJ83K_V*K=DI=2XA_F^FV*Z`4KF%Q?U-

ZNC+=K]A!OQS3
V#XOI0*)Y`+K
M
8#'&S*5



L*X

M0==-`AD5UQY6ZXD:3MJ=S[@5$_EAW'J)NSNFV+MU661.-MW4&OMOV]CPJ1?$




MM2F24\6RK

MD8`Z8!IX=2


M3O2J-%E5L4WXV6BO0(/@O^D-A=J@DB:5AC%PQXZK$_-I=VS:=XL&O2;-8I6!

4RJ\!KLJ?


M@(!QL5!\QV2-


+K(^IUBP
II5+C*S;R
MBEUC:)8P5U\\5_%TL[K3M9WU[1^JPF)[H7BU4G`^7-O6_R/XVI63=.U)L6@







-'66X\K4JC!KL`2))

%LU&Q#JXUY/
M7JTV#:X6LO5#Q1S)8ZU_VU[_H:.&
0+S3J6QL6K@I58T(J)]Z5A$QW'\6V



M

%FR06




MI29G





MSXH#
PJ2#8?8P
D#=YQ-U_D;5$\@?E-IAN9UGK'TJ\N-XJ)\E(PTC\V].ONW

B.FA?!1X$'HC'3:1.CGZ

MKPCW&Y\9U%96X2





Y4KXX?+-Q_$8$8OX)5N65

M#)L0PT-04?9['/X+A2Q)(;$]TI:02CK:?PJ(C4*QGZLOY?0_;E;3BZ[Z/F`N


@OR.;\
MPGM'@B`)RXKX
9JA(5W'YO]WM!#^W6XC7D%7E!#[T[_^Z:))1\KICW]Z\M/_
MX#P9B^F&U;+)Q\L*:QW'C
$0:5`A/5X].]J-/.

%E^


?+G




6A?YIL^&*NE
)IVB1!FHUXU7



5K54UL6V5U
M?!4U'QMZ^*]()C?K9GO5?5=L#,`4Z26]2=!'73ICP$3%&N!TSX-+'4U
I@

E86&6XM0FQ%2
MW

U)Z-$_




M7&ZRZIEJ69#N\WAT*BMT['@!N;Y&%C`\)K$45#%7K7MG`DN(#XUZJ4-W=)H*

MH**


MW[%M\0=:
5#=5


Z:()RQ-#9%Y/S
MP)TQ
NE%\F_
8%:X=9ND849I0FS$%*-6YC*J%F$6?

LO1IH


MS;88E@[1BDM

QVM@[NC!WP5'!
M0:Q@Q7O$K((;W?WT/



M

M_TBBUIQ_SS].;A$K]-



MCB!9E(*^U!98LV1(TK&*\
;L;1^8S@'@MM\)3Z?*J*BO!TO

M:&E5;28S;L+;+8U7^BU@(*;C5@2C$TZ?1(8$!V$!##R[T5.^@&0`%T4H&1F6

M&`U!CQQ`Z








0P
M%07F0F_!=&+?WXM3KOP='R50.7MS)D
7)@(-1\2CNXS\Q#)BKO*D!R9HN_

O\41#G&

M^-5B.LX/6SHR



M=3G?T?6HWQGG41.6EO!-7'$A'BB)=)PDP17!WBJ[4S`5L0&SY;HA!E!`-$4-


,KB
M/,8SN[/!_)AX8]G0AWCV(O*^AXZS^(@71^G!PAXLQ9/I^9PD`]%?45@<N(`:
MKBC5E;`4:!`


;)Q\C[XJG
M_N.$`+@0@^D.RKP6A:!&MPTOB4YNMT#CKH
5I?6(P5M1;AI[9IV\/7\$K[51


M:_553AC=O*-S!=
(9`2@N2PS_H
XM
\P+!V\#RK5B:O3X='/RZ$$/N%)I]
O4XO![!`$G;FLWT-\MSN]_Q^(M&JI:2
MC=
PQO-`M%NV&S;4-MK@P?TD\5-2

M-@@F-'\!P3+(2?K*1GU/(JDQBE(1P-*.X1Q9HP?.]*&LV@IVLY77YIG&/C




M_E?9&GLT)2BVRQ\2#IL=U:T[3H.].'6*:4(G*(/8.;JVPLHW3DCZD8X!TJ)+

-B[GD8F
%?(%0D+Z!(!P.%4U@EC
MHN=W+


1Y#^R

-@K+Q=-KSW


M7H

M&/T2'[23

3'%\04DE5
@@6C5W

Z2(+$-A\A;DES6''?5/LEM






SG-#R4B4U3

GP3]?H`56AJRQ:LP0YB?D4@XC%+`7W)I%
_3K\=]!



+!R)X010/*\

M9V26JPT+


).-0[5WTZL



M$1CD0+`W=



+SDDJ2

M]'IR=24!53S2GGPR4ZNXY'@=A1O=)X&W_4BDH#9O:$$@`NC


RB1H
MF/




B%D](7!)60FRR?Q'2?T;?<J;`_UA*/EQ(E8Y
MP*^JS


OO+Q[&W_;

8=!=L@);.


6

?R*
?((-6#:WW[ME<5?U99L6O#





MR6!5:3I@;)42*0]])-WWLBSY275(O]5*`(LATW_3$BT/O3=9U)94C'$EXZ$G



A15J








J'WLALPY!Z#QW$%ZS2VM9'O8*AQ
K
M'P\XGE0):_%6XXC*Q@5JEM127KS4C*`BP&'@K2L[Q^E:&X@_=J]A?;2/.$!1
MH04;J=33Q4
J'&+IF.4U8?9T1[#QI]\][$6?EMW/J[[E,-^]9%V(,P^+W7

C3E;WSFP_7I;)7OM-T-LJ


M`@```/__`P!02P
H/_!\+5%#^BNWY-X+TYQ\<;M`M?MX39%#^@5A6S+
MB;IZ<6WY+KFB_[U#R9*&D2D.:4I4T%YP&UFVA@^?F7DXICG^O=/@=_YT=WM


M(-YW5M$AC&?=87ZJD[[S83WK7G0[:9?GT1I`_.9?ARC^ZE?IKR]^]\47_7]\
L0<WUYLH+#HR&D-/

M[T-[C35V

M`UCF671@]2MR._+!?MI(DX:'M









NNR'Y77`GW..%VYJP;/WJKS]`8MSJ2XDV;J*N%7(G&
MK


M?I(U@Q
]E5Q1[J?D@A.]E%Q![2



M?CQ

R


=C2R
(50UL2



M%$.RLF`;!$L+VQB8OX\86
4NR_+4&\0TE7H!-_Z_H!$JA)R?B*HJP-S?HG!D
M


0E87%HSJ9I^?P?!7)]X&T`$35&Q+H
L?JJ+68
MI_8QW'-26=F@DS6N5Q

K<]?'8(03Z!




MN#S*)PD\Q%+%85



SB87P.'^T.8])

MO

PT(
MT9EQ^BKP(F%Z@1=Y%7QVTJ\B%XX7!;%:G1R$JJ5








MU5%K


8JDM+BS,#C%T4:6-3'TUQGLC@4FCE

M5%6-Z%JBI



M_4'`\;+3G=)W!GW6'_UYTWG:]7K&?Y?5K&X?+@^;$7LC_BR?:XK0[[.`IN
MTY.S;C)/RILX80O2+HU6=N
:VX(=%:JV\L@?7O*V8

M5?@1'(=M09=5;15^!(3(UA@:4;55^!&\@&U!N*G:ROTXYKF?$+F_..E'/E;9
M
AL%%[95^)&/U1$Q5K&MPH]\K+(NJ^(J_`A6
??PAJJMPH^\3HR).H'[6/B1




M@:M3



M;O0`KMTGR9;AZT#^A7V2$JR&,M+T@8;UM6'1)_?/_?XR-U]=J#B*%#(B3E

0^']

M('M[




R[6ZU4:V[^`+]



&0


MD$9$HEOD!WP'0SAG$E)R-QOA7#$%-G!0Z!=@GIG@H=X*TY9F6X#G&-=U=`

J6'@XBX-RYF)6Q!U@?%C&
MNXMCQ[6]60)5
PM*Q_;=D#AB[C

$5Q]1%0YG$#?7O,TD4FI`.)$B[AO&B&2VEK//3^






Y6&`(LU
M)RO_6@/

+(]IV]C4MI7RFB!B$
MXR
T8C-Q@

MHEDF6[@I2+D
YJT@'NA6*KM1[ORJF)2_(%6*8?P_4T7O)W`%L3[6'O#A=EA@



MVF#2I*QIT]9)6RW;K^XT\WYGCVENPL_CZGL?/FS&7GY.)%&CNUL&-K.[;2
MU.#9DRD*0Y/L(&

25-

&G*H&AAQZ8/(#DMQS-



MO7I&MM;=9R.*KT)Q:#:


Q1CMNW59X7XS8P3HM





HO````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`E8)<QT#``#D



M+:A\UTF14R;KIV/%.#X44/=;

=)FUO?C-*7-.%
L$RZD
XS1



MGVDJ\RV:+=W%RI\%X0(Y!R+D(U6QR$E.0K+RGP$%32J3)&R2S(%FXP?3=+!G

MH*BR;A%4VU$`G@

M[XCF1T.T6'L#@N.Z6C[.
`IA\80MV<ZG`/M'BD['(06

98@B;96MV54GXD42D*(23L%
%SW4`
]A9S9+?JR6O
MUW3G@-5;XR-YQOQ(*^$4)(-0WUW!T\W-EC8WDM5ZG1R8A*6K+W/XFB*PF7P7
MP!ECLKU1WP'=]]GN/P```/__`P!02P


M*54(&#J9X%JI?N5Y
V4)1&T(0KTRYKU\L36YA^A:XEXVO<W.6][H-BQAJE7




)2
_=\WCAN]&9XYX';^2..G@CKJC3UK&Z
M48FV%C

#-FE/*OI(1
4ZB1I:

M+W-H965T
BYKF3?E/C/


MO88W[T5W
3#FFWS
-WG#%\S


M$(9NKQT


$%``&``@`

3`Q+GAM



G

M#6UR#5@KM772U])]@LED


M-O#U;9DD2;H@;U`5=AMAJ)QKR`Z5G@?\V:Q#W+1:]8O8U?S6JHF/2*]#D
M`G1,QGTM,)CTR633:6\0$$&3GFGR7G&!`,F-7%P4FGQFD^99;Q1007,'K;(

((CA'2X5((`ZLZO[_7RL(9]Z\UW-T<#EH<@;A2RAX'[MKI_PV6
M_P```/__`P!02P




!T(56Z&7


5?F+



.QX5F39%FI;AJ0T[;\?
M)?I*&A3-0VSS^$B1-+V]?:E*\BRTD:I.:#0)*1$U5ZFL\X3^^?UPLZ+$6%:G
MK%2U2.BK
/1V]_G3]J3TDRF$L`0(M4EH86VS0+#U$Q
U&-J$&3*5TQX\Z
M#TRC!4N]4U4&TS

S?4R=)R#-]X/O@,_-4E%QHZE_:5.WX3,POM7C@7KDJ(
M!/^DDFX&X.CLQ5]/
K5%0F?Q9+$



`WN%[*0C\KKW13*J
M._)0J[-JP*JYAO9BQQY/Y%!0#-`:82=7HX'%+B\`VNA
[%%U&6AG!UK&'

=CH5.8U9_EK1NE5!&EIF+?#GE^+*
M


LQ]CRQR1\

#9F7BGL@)_-]:1GK+7LOV'W?ZD
MQ?G20KD#X9*S$G:3ZLJ1`^`].Q=/F_%L;WL;'\QY:N3[S`M@Z4MVDA?&TK
DB].6KLD%^EG`I1




MZ'2
]H8



-*0XK4S1(

M?4:UP@ZD+H(GWZA%UV/K@+-@1`C7C)Q2'4'?TBPKD&\38?.[#6HERS$PX/

3:EFTOF(U^/`Y^

MY'AJ2J8F



M7/UHV57.3@?6PK@MOU[@?Q2%@0TF8]LZ
=;B#Y&$_I_9_G\```#__P
`4$L#



MWD
GJ7G:MW=

KS
\4.ZV(XP62U#?7X+?K!GW\C6^O#)B.*K





-D)@
`EUJ[T\&_`]WSO/H+
M``#__P


0`/[;`+
M+^-XVT314%UP4PZS[H9;&#EU?5..\+
_1\.MQ^613FJN41+'RZ@IZS9D'C;]



MZUX(]-N1F&!RY

N;*&4/HW%(3D0N$Y.8Z3:TY
MA0MY4$$Q^,-&:_Q%6(D5$DZ+V,,<F;PRAH&-EU%=F8A<(1S8;@[I?`A#-ZP

-[:1++&`B6D^+46I1*+A`R\
)P=TKA0Q@EH8`D3#$^EG
M







JS2A/.



Z1&`J]
3LA%[Y8&4H82@]B&[H!4:%7EBFXLK*

X%*J?'$=#

MI@C2\Y0(68=8*X3;NU@V2QQ3[IH.KJDP3.;BI&6IQ44$[SZDP9NGG1KVQ3'C
M&')OETUXN;0R-%
6=OINPUL


M$F)8Q24U(]7R!BR%TI):..J2F%9SFGLG69-Q%*5$4M'@P+#4'^%012$8WREV

MOCY_!#^:B]_(5.KX18O\FV@X%!O:Y!JP5^K909]R=P7.Y
K[T3?@AT8Y+^BA



MJ\M\

8:@W6W81AO81OY)D\X`2Z*E)?].=2D:

`
M`/__`P!02P

M971S+W-H965T
3`Y+GAM;(R56V^;
!2`WR?M/UA^;[B$0!
!5;.J6Z5-FJ9=

G`079&<336R2P6(6DPF)9S;9*09#FV#
M0C]8#;XN;Z=.K#KR5V/_9F@X`%?01CI!QQ=HIS8#.^1AO(X&]0P=7T4;Z00]
M5NRR=FJ'#FZC43U#)U?11CI!CQ4[M%.?T,M)OV9HLQS'HWGNM9%.T.NA8H=V
MZ@'M#^H9&@[K%;21&O1XD.-D/,J.[VS<+,-HC.[P;D.X\:IK.D7VK8*%6+?












0(LK)@/19)
IUEY`C=8!?1

M````$`K8EO@W

MIK63+$D_BL9$4J%P8)B;CW#H+!.

M0_7`M*R`8B=*X=YJ4HPDFS_G2ANZ*R'OUWA(V9F[/MS02\&

MSC
R(\T7*0




:TJ`9ABUH'X7L3XC?(4\[^;B@HR5AXD=BUO$+5JO/5*33?0

3=2AB/9UT1JX9A`D8Q%WKNF.-IUTK+*+G;WRC=]\@

`

M:&5E=#$P-BYX;6R

\?P??VXAO96N^_
M&E%\%XI#LV%



M)/TCR0!D'OU@NA]



4!R1XSWYA@*




2YX;6R4E]N.
^$D4K
ME3SI&80+K:@_YJ?P*81(^^U1P`A

R
'*5]
UZ_0%)E@H1?MN9N1/]K@


0/9V^2:UAV!$=\5UJY:HFAY)-+9#Z!AI%/$8XD;,812=/J2E*\!TR

MCRW0K=W



X?83Q7/\P#<5TA+6.N
MIAFM5'P4,L,\_IXB#VH/D;R'EEURX@N8[I,'@]R54V)&$FKK1Q.6I%'N^E
M9CA#U1B=%-D(@\+DDXCK:NK$B*LM'XXKVKPI]4M




O

UP6T;












MB08G$M3`3DP:8F_Z0T5F4VBX\!B*NUQ-]LHHE/D
0F,*EB1



M


MX





-JK


&



M
MJ@@PUQA4Y:+;K`BK_1&IGXUW7@A[X)O]7N6+EGZ:64NA6'WFB`;K!-#3:U
M:P9]*;TFX]R?FA`;K8%




M='
YO+*^;Q;?Z\.^[YIQF(;3_`3N5CK1QYJK

M&\Y)GL#+
'R1II^/$H+-JX?=G]0)_#DFQ_94OU[GOX:WW]KN?)GAN`NYI1FN


KQPC:5]:!Y
MT4:XBD@-<NY5EUB2)3F;1#L$4<EYPF=C'QJ7ECQY&B1!M2]03`MHHQT)(-I


M+X*1*^:'54X
-$)8LDSKT1.4+UICA4N)\0
V(7XD[&5O(.R45;'3E0IT':GY
0ML*UQ`BB^C4GC<<#LUJV











M:&4#E09YRX`W^
88V)

F6]*OI







X$]?O&;](3Z/R(#\HR


R.PUG

9&$R(3(E
B
R)S(
M@LB2R(K(FLC&)%8RL#]2
CU%VEAT
M1F(.S']4DL;#A@-&<6


IHQFC.:
%HR6C
M%:

B4R(S(G


R
X9_'$4--?
M:^)A4XXP
]3

J^
M9JPU9[1@M&1?*]9:
]I8R



=Q/-


=QO-I#L[


[@&^TZCV9/$M&-N#5)W%4KNQ?6+4@B:]^5
MR-IWE:&U[RIF;$5QH/7RET#RT]M(


MG7;9=)!?4+X[)=\9.:;GU[2?'@Z7RB[[?H(5^F)/#P66+VWUFA%^/




MQ

M\TIPB(CZ7LD`DH%7
I?1)<6I!MGP3W%&3;)\$5!=GV
M27!10;9]$MQ7D&V?!`T$C(YOF:./@-'Q2=!.P.CX)&@A8'1\$C0/,#H^2Z8
MF%6^9\.E$K/*)QE`
O!*AI(P7/$-PC
:M\$O1\D`7?LZ'/@RSX).CQ(`L^
M5H]R()/@HX/LN3H








)U_^7CY6_MI+SI


M*DLLI
@H!N
8I#&8Q&`:@RP&LQC

B$R)9(1
MF1&9$UD061)9$5D3R8ELB!1$MD1V1


B*9$)D2F1C
B
R)S(@LB2R(K(FDA.9$.D(+(ELB-2

B62$9D1F1-9


#X\:

9JQ^[E:G7_4MQOV2T



D8S]C5GJP6C):




MLZGA+!






MQ)&&*QAM!9T

MZJQ@M!6DSG:&LU+



!:FO
M3)#ZFC&:U)?X\:Q[5DJY4@=;\6I+YR]K41*RU8
-H*4E\[]E4&5D%U=:+!
M1_EMH.)A=0D*.AK].#^'WNP7/0UQYA_]Z




T)T$-1OV?H3?[U6.@


EW


=]X*P9IG'$4L35^-
P[3THT)6FDIHY?'MF#0J9%+2VD?


IH(
MTN?Q5)#ZR@3I=9LQF@M27PM!ZFLI2*U6@M3]6I!:Y8+4UT:0%BP8;06IKYT@
M]54*
JH+B6!6E^/1@%2-T'_1VJI1\-Y(:-PAE'K4\#5AJRFCC-&

MR6C%OM9LE3/:

M&37
I*;'!DL]:]R%DX99(P)-96V8283
8#..
&^8-2-$#YM%PTPB+`VVX@CK
MAEDS0M2'RAMF$F%CL((C;!MF&H&GM3;



M07-B*Z



MT99][=A7&10
:\L-*EFU50\V!;7EQY^:/P'%`_]#=.%=$]+%6^;Q*6^T#K45
M?@MT#XG;=KL3];O&XD=?/E)&$T$GHTV]E8_6[[1ZT3A[)GXTVHS17-#):(LP
MVDWW+AX'68H?C;9BM!9T

<FFM4T]GZIM_'UV?&Y*QH4V_EHW7;

M1B9-/&KXFGK4\)5QP1FC.?M:L*\E%UPQ6K.OG'UMN&#!:


MGW=/IM[*=QC0^Z7^@C\8#383SXKF@DX&6X3!VI@`'G;ME^)&/:\8K06=#):+



T5R0^EJPKZ58J:\5H[4@]94+

%KWIM./.KX9NYXQFI\5;1%&Z[3Y'8)=KQBM


F]I]LZO`OJ;L*V-?
T9S]K5@7TLNN&*T9E\Y^]IPP8+1



MLX+MI&`=K'O5CQ*A%(







*:'?+.4`92!J6#8%'E@E1E!&9D*QDB1!U89

+@.ZZUI6`H'5?'4C`P
MCCRP%`QSXP@L!;^/(1.M8\//9

MQ3
8D^60IFA*!^+`430U`_EH+)(*@?2\$L$-2/I6`R
M/+:4C`G!'EM*9BOE;A9/WQU




&LNL3-

T\8P4S$A
W`8T53$Q
W#PT
M5C`_
7'3T5C!G

6`JF_R,/+`53_G'_
M6`JF^N/^L11\GH/K9ITIOM+!=;,4?)F#?+,4?)#?+

4?)Z#?+
4


%C!TBB)

HE;%83C8(V9

4
MK

@W2\$RC
@W2\'ZB\@W2\$*E\@#2\&BEL@#
M2QE!&9D*5K!$'EAEL)`E\L!2L)XE\L!2L
HN\MIZ9I50W&JM7#]83!5'8/4/





/GWX




2YX






BWPV_G\


?+Z_GI




MD8I(3:0ATA+IB/1$!I\$/L10_K=\:/3Q


[O

M'\STK3EBY*$G+%KMG2L8Y8P*1B6CBE'-J&'4



&*E96!D'3HMWL^#(+%H=QC7
:K&

M=13+45Q?.P6QW#!JV7+GM
RZV6.EE6]4Q#+0X!OYJ0T_.KC--F%1CW-HO6

G&EYBD;

.V6D8=
MV^K9UA`D#-UB8EG-+5.

0KD@U:S*TFCT^V
M%.9Z8#XS-TD6
W./0FE9X'XQ-_[&
^X3UW-2-YHW
W/F6C;7S6K.7#\S9VZ8
MV6@N\-LJ6K:

QMC
:8FS


J&)6
*D8UHX91RZACU#
:`A1Z

RH8E8PJ1C6CAE'+J&/4
`4
MQ/(0H-O)OSW_#J/3-.RP(\95A-&XG=S)_RX!1P:AD6Q5KU8P:1BW;ZEBK

MH4


6IFYLRU;*Z;U9RY?F;.W#`S#D*PT?VW@I!1/YI1



(]&+L.3`T/.K&$PJ#

MS?UANX_BF-IIB)V&[;2
.I?03*X'3*Y1J7NG(::'P$[H6K.PTEQK%UR^:R=D
M7N&L_7$X$=!.:/HL!I4T(/558+3A-;-:.&;;6
.D[8

/



M


5
M:]6









M-(B=


1!$B:H)M=G69XS32:,!O'
M;@+)+$,[2AER1H5%?I`DR'F@DH0N(JH9-9+0%:(5Y&QUG+!G-$A95:^L'39

MW14'248_I(FYUBLBVAG%'!J&14
:H9-8Q:1AVCGM$0H-!;9JW@=:YYJIG6

F0&%-
MS
2A##^[:4+QAQ]!?DVLED
Y:Q6


N%[160N-&.(P



MDK`26W;%&LU8M1-+BD:RPB2N9A4\?LH0)!);.11,T]1032)17LUF4T(+2E0
MSJA@5#*J&-6,&D8MHXY1SV@(4.BHW'
GN


M#
WQ3M'T(LB-8QFCG%'!J&14



M/VWLHQ_N&C'DLFL%N0[37HSNS[.;K&,?ZH?Q)`2;YA@65DF[`V/)M4)!;&3
M12Y,RFUO+4B_:$0Y&I6



MC\:C
-&B:-*)-H
RIR7].&=4


QH%'@%)VJ7AEY&
E9Y$\ZC')&

M57N
?G






II0\
8Q2JV-(7CQ&&73

TU


M?-


JX!U-@E
KX!U-@I
JX!U-
M@@
JX!U-@H



MI

HDEPOB8\

MHTEP_C&\HTEPYC&\HTEPU#&\HTEPTYJJJV0*TC,8;?L'1Q:BWPT4[K3LQ)
MW)P&!V\GYE!MEN`

MF@1'6Z/E-$D-2:U+5HBKL&W-)6@@

M8]M9

([BNRJ6X-X+^$V3X-X*U%23X!8)6--B


M-


M)DF7F


M='






M2)S96U
BWY-(LR]1EL\2N?'#GM&K']`(,S0T,DLO5R7Z7_U/2/6/RQ_EMG

^(]0](K/_^?H8G'IZ7





M1HB-9&&2$ND(](3&8B,1:?!%[#

M:8ET1'HB`Y&1R.23P`^(6U)^
#CT@R6K.2=U[62$FD(E(3:8BT1#HB/9&!
MR$AD\DG@![.K\6(%Z0\&AWYPQ/


EE

M-O/09PZMP_DW\E

*6
(%N8G;0+J


M53-J&+6
.D8]HX'1R&@*4.@H$\VF'.6B7-]1%OD!V))0R:AB5#-J&+6
.D8]


M*S\*U)8V\@V\Y9`N

MTDGL)$(W$UZGFL.&W4%WMB@(W1S21BN7#OFAFT-:L5JT%#6=&YI'=JH^4ZT
M-&'/:!DMD:V-8G6;OHI*MH:_'#T&U.,.\YM%OL;Q9AM)&+UENAF^K(8H9


PO54D=96T@HJ&*M
MFE'#J&74

M




M:3IVE^L)_


J6:MB5#-J&+6
.D8]HX'1R&@*4.`5LX=+

EP*1B6CBE'-J&'4


M+N+Q&48A6D$40L_+1






M0.Y0



M1Z2EBL6UE2#=`M6

N
MEMKA++=GH[


NHDH=KJ!:FM
A([:_^X@YA
MPSL$AX(XQ.T0MJET_)W((TJJ_%EE:X$2V=LEI&G2UU;.M0;34ULAH$L0[
MA
TO[A!F_2AJXQVT_*V`R6CBE$MYGUOT=:BY80=HYYM#:PU,IH%
YO9W8(




#F;+.QB'P@L



Z.@O14E0RJAC5C!I&+:
N0&%-3%S-

M=@
+:
MIZ)O^T3PU#E==*VA2KZUR$RRNBAOHX(43FO_=F@I6J&MZ)RI$JW`5OR4KG9:
M_DFB)


M\HZQ2D85HUK

_.T/&NDK

M6^P6V(P:+=114
FH$N37RR54U#@MU$MLM8RZP%98DS.QH3FZCFMBT4TP@K;1
HMJ#(?P15#*J'`JJ9<U[J!$M+7;+J!.4J
F9F

M`J









MF14T;FZ+PG&QC]=6EQ!?9O;&17P84HH6(@)O]$2S8R5:@2UO[G:KA2NJ[RJ+


W/W'W!?#5/ON([@@/1!*\ZYF9MR%3DAM(YN%(:6XA
MF8=@)/FX76

M^$+[QQ3/82IM882=G)4,57#CQNX*VD(-4]5/-^B35(9[#)\`90K@(@I,[$&
M2[#\9V9Q9TD#B5F$69+O-UF.Z9DE!21F76!)!8E9'EA20V)698TD)B5@258




73EBFV7P6VKFPYTR^TEP=4R^TEP0TS^TEP:TR

^*4F^V67Y
M&;_M

W)CE-+AQ
MC)JF)'@#`VE2

M24GP:@\DY+@%0!X)R7!FPH:4J2HSYYLCX%)&52@G=D4.J4#_J#$J=DN-


M2`AO\6;FS5





M*'5*@N_UPEI*DJ



XU:R1XPVR/+(%/!L&Y[YOW`W+?A.@Q0


YD_3N


M1
*Q#4796T%
@:$YHZBN2Q


M

MT)

80I3F=[:BNW&A@EO&B$9)'33RI0,NT*.@WCW[XF0R:V\W9[MW!F_5MR#Y2






84)$
TWJ).#;)-Z;54&%-Y


=!M%\



M``#__P



G;
M8?LK[@Z;T]=O'W]LF\
'7'S9O^\O?[=.^[W#-JY?C\UI\^4=X_X9C#9;\MW^

/AKUE.E25^
M_MX8


MEZH7%[8.&I0M6+E@;8(0=7'#


M5=).I0L4(SDC!2
E(Q4C-2
+1I:
K!A9F\0*&59V%C)L1%?GH]#'W$6:ZOC
MIG:$$J7T61`[E2Z(C.2
%(R4C%2





M8Z:#1




MVP

M@W.RD`6=%O4]5RBXM3](2VLB2!0
[?W!V5FJK@']V.J.(4MN[P_AE4*QY7:P

ML;..U9U&F\A6IH6B/C0FS:U




M1=:*5E04TNMFBF.[=M'2*.
HYZC@J.2HXJCF:
'1DJ
51VL+V5$1-:
1E9M5


3\J+;6A#2;2T)?=K6BMI2
M;Z_#F7



HMY#=


U7(.&?.2$L'+R?D:=W97^DYX0S)
MG4\*Z9QR-TQ2^#RG2$OFU&3H?(K

@I0I[6


MNM4?CN(G%
IPZT@22
0IG4\RAJ1ME]E


M$MOJ!`I7Z2T2A.



+FL0FF





M965T

M




?3^&_N7NX^_/;T^
\;

&BB!A//U2D$1_



=53





)1M&;43+=
5UK-47J/1`
IG


5ZUB8G

M&0V

;AD=U0&2C(2+U`Q4\D#%5^ODJ:AR&6H891RZACU#
:&(V
M#HQN&-TRPAE7UOHR*I*






NH8]8P&1F.!2D\P



K&ALB@F.*QL)6Z8HD@)XK(3$L7`D(-VI2)ZZO;*ZZ#%J;D*NN
M3%[0)+$VKHUHE2[6CE&O*%R_UNZ0Q&IW5#39+9P6%SRG)U[FD!'A+[5;1P0/
M%36




M%US5RFM?V_UOD[2TV:VBW-^\V6%=4JU\K(2F;K!D)G\WY@H;M&`:4:
B9_A(
MN5,WYA,[4H=47$A!*U-?B$0:K5@FJ,Z1;ESL6!J]J!:8V*'$].9%1(B
B3

M-*`EDL!$LS$.NH


GC:+D;ZLHS6-=1/F\H%HITQ\4I8MJ5#39

M_C*B8DY=VW/A.JHAQ]#J&T8MHRZB_-R(M09&8X%*[R2!\KP+B57A74!ECF[O
M$=6740NKR^EEI5&MN&==FBU1J_*4.G6
^HC.G!II0;VM8^X*CBKG!/?R1*XW

-QRPN+25UU
H/C12EP=HJRCV-MA+JHU9^9J0%TWPP*G(\D1S)Z^:8.V4W

MH13R^C*@/%5GU$:4914=HUY1RBH&1J
B]F3]BZG4I%\.T(ADGINORS6EZE'K










MUW9363

+7CFR2U5*P[/UENSJVE5K;26.1Q6[*A6C%1-C_-E

MRZACU#








M
2GD[



T%EK?6W.
;A#*@\*+@V9['U5=2#=[<QLN-V?\U24N[O(U(
M[F7.!?F6<]3*TUUA4$]%UQ?FX5K2%I:XZ@UYEO5O




MU#+J&/6

MYO3]-J(L+6?4
&H+5-8NJ5]6.TU&=N(/J6)^%Q!+V#1X\E0Z
LR;\5%H
W4W





LW

M'8
R//*A;)Q9TCLX[$999N]666;O.#

MHFKQK)??Z9
IJ
^(8;2=XHH8$D


MR-(A
T8@
02
RB)@Q!`P*HL8$4.
\K(F1B?V-6-PG*BNERLS!W/W#AQCU!
MOJ_E=^UD:AI=1#(6+:;:;

M

?K_O.J7S3%#+[P!K


*7&S3ADUW;:^$SI\[5(FSSD)FG

5L0086*(
#%$F!@B3`P!)H8`$T.`B2'`
MQ!#?G)7QG;ZUE

M(C8X;'38P6$W#KMUV+%D)FRRJW'#%K8[9=@PTFNQ@,?FR*&KTT10XR((4;$
M$-BB!$QQ(@88D0

2*&&!%#C')F8B2[&C=&8;N#HAH/?*

M1CDS;9TWFV#
PLJ]]62O
:^BGJ)88V$$



MABW&6OP$2AIKQEM\%34.C?6U).-7

MA1-MB


M;$@VE7G
6,S7ZPT;,00-F((&S&$C1C1@QA(X:P$4/8B%LQ!VG)FPG5IT




'YH(;%4)QGUZ
X#R%]
Q&N1[5T^(%.?LTR7#]C


M

90XQ(#S$BAA@10XR(

02#[
'S

M






MVS


8(3NQI&--1P\\2*/&:
MK@R^2ZQ=&:J26+LR5'4E]7ES`:JZDOH\&:J2



M*T

M

7O-MU8KZ4MG@SUK:4^3X8A5LDX\^9Y-+\2'SP9;%9BTY.A

M$AQJO'-#HN*)\.X-N?@\$5ZX(?'R1'C9AH3+$R%2

JVZ
M

[
S6

D`RN!)\'P8]YUG;;R`)
M]W/L&-T@!0@_(S82?'0/9=P)8X

L//B2^JUU)`TGC2O#!<+3:BPZ^&[Z33V9[;</VSY7@D^%HM5=F
MP#'@!NK;&V4`P97LI?C!7='7T/2N)(6DM:5=)!TKJ2'9'`E(R2C*]FCU7NW

M5U)?8MOCWE/H(1E=22W')N[)2`_)X$KV\&?O^E-#4KN2!I+&E;20M*ZD@Z1S


MQUBNI(6D=24=))TKZ2$97



=^(WZMXO8W9$C\384F/H[K1

$%``&

S$N

MYIQ_OR^*1(+$BZJV?2')#T&0`)@DR





M^O#E\Q]0\;=/OWWZ_M\7I:]???[P-/S]]R]?W__M-]C]7Y/Y^P^J^_(_I/[S


YG?WXI0;U7#]7+J'O_^:77#7




G*-50JNL/6@\




XEJ?PI._4B5]0A*[CV
M9R+3!_



M+]Y
V4[5EME

MT8MUS:AAU#+J&/6

/XU6

MSA5AM9K3:@

M(DK

E/4*S)%;FLP%!)05#D$=U4KA^BJ=N%U*I&1K)#C%3GS
M*;/66V`.&Z7FCVY?M%9=MA=H






=HSVC`Z
CHQ.C
X5JITN
JCASDEETVB.PU@M&;4,&H9=8QZ1@.C#:,MHQVC/:,#HR.C$Z-S
MA2H/SS$-1&/XPNO<7Y'E5M&:T8-HY91QZAG-##:
-HRVC':
SHP.C(Z
3I7






MG/?T&57K19(J%H=UEBI0HQ7-;2VC3I&=FO:

#HJ



=HKLIX=&!TS

F(]RYT0ZUC#I%-D/WC`9%IFO#:)M1T:\=HSU7

M2
NH4W1S:N]-2M4/BFR:V3#:*KJI?F=2JGZOR-0?&!TSTI6#/7
J)%3WN5)4



MT=A!$QT2JQA^&Y8V%DM_XZ!1D3N+0ZM=L







M9T6!A]VA@]YGP!.%Y.&$JH6'[U#GBO*PJ:T\?IY?FY2&IE%DTT#+J
L(3_3)

M\

KI91EQ'LTHH]HX$K;AAM%5DG=HSV


V&T5;1S8[O3$K5[Q59QP^
CAE=[?C)!%3S

M[1CM%5F_#HR.&17].C$Z5Q4K#S^XTP%=

M&T4V$;2

M:CY7:NJPN6.$



C(K9=
VHT8IF5\NH4V2S?






W);.'_H





MKV[#=Y&_#!


=HSVC
M`Z





+V*`LZ7

4IUSADOK
MS!E\

9B9664F
;2J'/87TS\)MC'\OA+K-P4CG+EKM@K4+P

/H]B

;B$&#Q#$.`V9@VX#M`K8/V%@QX=`G:N


MH4V:MHZ3+FS*S-8JV$0

V22)9V/3R=)8SSRI^

M

MYBR63*VPV.Q

Q\YG;5L`-



I/_#Y/5.QF0FA




D5;QE+*X]4\$?I_K`+
M*T\6N[WRC$*%/XC!'\3@#V+P!S'X@QC\00PK#S&L/
2P\A##RD

*P\QK#S$
ML/(0P\I3

M`,QA($8PD`,82&
!!#&(@A#

'GQ.!S8O`Y

M?$X

R6RI7

MZLS
0EA-#(
A

S
^D/D]4

429V9@VX#M`K8/V%@QX=
M`G:NF0N8Y'M%PPN*1&L1V%B+S%:C%W@QY7[A6A($8PD`
82&,!!#&(@A
M#,00!F((`S&$@1C0`QA((8P$$

F8&W`NH#U`1MJYFR2%#4:1UC!*=]49@O^:L(
-I5Y

H+VL8
MPC!6U=`@#
00!F((`S&$@1C0`QA((8P$$,8B$
Q!`&8@@#
82!&
)0LCH
MET]*1V'(WYJNPI!9=5.`V7KK`E8&[`N8'W`AH!M`K8-VY@^X`=`G8

QA($8PD`


JHYBVBJAD=?@K;-4%2K8;8:#R/J1:

@SVS](/%^Z4[\D4D1@%5

;%J`

)

(IIJPC!ZVZJ,@^HXC*RXFR5/;C
2J

C7*VOZ(L;`K)%NG41^5N?^:.4F/*L&TO_
MWM+GB8K=O/5I0CK:$?^T9\/)K#+$FE@;LY@B'51;R((3;$$!MBB`
Q^)S8
M(6#'@)T=JZ9BY=LR(IXC;NN_-7):BFR+U%:K!;^9:BX--,FKTCB$09B`
Q
MA($8PD`
82&,!!#&(@A#,00!F((`S&$@1C0`QA((8PE
R%039?81C2KJP.







3JD988.J2C
M#UW(=:
NR)0;=2%/Q=5(2\Q&FMN?((I9XJ61EL1TI






M[3U

S6TAT=T(YTHN_R.+2P3&W`W+BQ[E+++Z0RU
M-U^BO?0
LBN3QW91#X_'1CKGHA//1$9EBSN4X?E%+GLWF4S1'MZ2Q67R&E/4
MP^MN0Q5)`YXGPF7R=NN4`]OG^(R5!%_IMN*9!_*4_V]51LQQD-ZT1[8GMZ


_4H[45E
M:&HB[46^1E
3:2\J0U
3:2\J0U
3:2\JDYL33Y?3].`RQ8D!ZN'8@
MDMRUE

_%95`9WW8O/HC*HFXG.:%Q#W4QT1F50-Q.=41E\


'
BL$LDY^%2GO1]2<_(4-81E^=9S05B&?MYC#(9EZ+[
$V$9NG\G?HG6


1&6P5TR)L(RO-%0

M

MULVP3#[0@#%QS7;9!X1E\BD&\4OD
W1#]@%AF7R-`6
B+

ME$5K%;[O)7LU?&


M;5B&0R+)-4+[Y+N)\'58AJ8DUPC+8+;
!6$9/N`UAZ_#
O1SCFLE+$/WYV)#


AWO5G;:HGP




PFL;=;JP3H^2/BP94#*$)1N4;


MOTK0!^C!B1/`*'+!DT1*I

J^05R4PTJ`CC4A2R4A6*4A169!5
MI2)5I2%-9;XAN/4\FY$&'6E$DDI&LDI!BLJKH5J2H-:2H;LJMTI*M4YJ#J


M
6[CJ7'?WN






E($$E(DDE(UFE($5E05:5BE251HM'X['8\CE%=I6.=)6!
M#)4#.54F
E4&+0I#.Q0.Y%`YD5-E(E


MZ;\7US_XY^'QSR]'T=[^P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`#EIC1Y(Q``%



?WVR


M5B(-D99(1Z0G
A`9B4Q$9B(+D7-*




.M6O.2


0V^P:OZI.N\8A=(WV5K6F1F_%@5$KBB.J412;

]G`5@P?9$R@O





M=5OOA3^:L-.\W!5T?;4KTO310=

'F&C-O8W%39Z+_S1A%/
2^:EZZM]
4;F
MZ*!I%H\N%I;WA:RDK;YP*^QLOG5HG\ZD^^NB]=7&+\UW;B:]NBLFF#HZ:(T;
MC[9I@$WRM.J5CFI7V
ZOFJZNBS5&[]/`00L;-!N

MT
*6UPK+^T6BBZ1?PGSEHXYTOG+H)FW$OEQM5!OOY:X1;#H7$UH=';3&C4?)
MS:!EUG2^*FN/KZZ*`Y#XIB!XZ
)D6:\VVQ7)^C@^:\*%ISSB65

.2U(4?

%D6LRK8(

!H938QF1@NC


MC
X9RK7#Q&9=M[*2+=:X'MW%.VC%J&;4
&H9=8QZ1@.CD='$:&:T
#IG*!?J

NH4Q5FD]V@?LQ_4*^8U
M

C5@E^V%05.KE]LO

II^J*Q9$[JR#KMBH;:H
M?2TK[PA9S%L=X1;Y64


K[X4_BFI%R?RI*+:T9=0IBB.H]RB=/]4KYC4R


M8I_7BN+X:13%EK:
.H_2^5.]XB@;%



MGXI1S:AAU#+J&/6



MHBB)1Q3%=K6
.D5Q%ND]PA\=58-ZQ;Q&1I.BF-?L$?YH7HMZK7GE([2(1UY=

X9
MRE6^$&SL.=CPJ%CP%3-G%;VB=BZO=
''7BVCCE'/:&`T

Y=H5

Z.%T3E#N5`7H@K\*JB\
M67N4+O@8U8P:1BVCCE'/:&`T

Y4)='V'$(HBM-KQ:AFU#!J
M&76


-
M7
*H;JA/

M1_@EA995

VQ:9[E[AI`;W!!BYA5+=
YVWQ!&'BA+
FS*NV+2Z/

-7
*H
M;KG.Q3)YXH2S)HQM6AB=

D7=BBVG#HTQ1[Q5+KS5A1`TG;-FK8]0S

:.I1IZKT0FNHHJC5E


M%
721D71:U(4O69%T6MA=

M8EZ]HIC7P&AD-#&:&2V
SAG*A;H0
1TX8E(D.REQ@;(M[LR5=\.O%A*O\JV.


M&
V



UH8G3.4]0@:F_7(:T_S5O^\IQ2E
ZUG6'?H
*_5

0B&B
1_^/Q3XB!98$[`1!#J9S


'-S]K[JYMRHN;R!D6QO+'(:$N_

MK0R_&%._QK.L9WP)^/6BNG6:%$\6E/7*DNP&SFY4MR3IQ&ZSNB6E+H'%H70.
M;&U$+F41_)&4Y27`0:&L4&3.**;^8EU;!3?WNLIN6^PSUNJ`73W5J_$LF1O:







M
Y1K)P&4I9T+K#+M'$K?_)!?E$'.!-6
&D8MHXY1SVA@-#*:&
V
%D;G#&5
MR0\R+*%6G@=V'J5O?CJ&36
6D8=HY[1P&AD-#&:&2V




7.1L)BR#BH43

)6\\\2[HI)



SDM['3V


M-*VZ=1XX%4?5K#W:R-/M*`K]W(93MDE*\]%KQVGZ(@TV-P_7Z3]%A0?.8@Q9






MY^CB930NW

Z.%T3E#N79%\!JTXR#UZ%#R`*9B5#-J&+6
.D8]

AE'-J&'4
NH8]8P&1B.CB='
:
E0
MKLJ%._($9ZBN'E1,:H9-8Q:1AVCGM'`:&0T,9H9+1G*5+DKPJS7GK:L_GGX
MI2BNEN/+A^_$AUTVFH8M9QSIUY^
7U=KBW[Z*`Y#XQ&SGF*7CZJ+X+(.3IH
&S2;6-BH*!8V*7JQL+DH;%ONI2^:S5I8WA<2
M.1@WW3L74:0W78_2'R4IBOO
M:+X?*A1%-O5
NH4Q8FE]RAYVWE0KYC7R&A2


HGT#+R:A2+TS`EX=
[;WP&JS


)8T-;1IVB.'IZ17'L#XIB7B.C25'



FA-4#JG`






$'@94N6Y
G/1
MPY#VP50,Y3*B4%@8A8&`0FAD%*#`(3@\#$(#`Q#$)BYYP5`_-`+.YY@A&
M6;&
+%_O2=P2*5UVR4MPD)(8I0&*8E!2F*0DABD)`8IB4%*8I2&*1
62%E
M$?7$E5*(;E0/C$G'TE6EP3`$R0^Z$8-NQ*`;

NA&#
M;BDK=)


M










:A

/'96-




M047R@V[$H%O*MUDI6]=P?Z;Z]D5K-]ASV4K!@9D\Q&%XN+W\Q#P6!69:@
M9S$XA8+$H*!G[M7@(D`F
&L64-
R@9B$H.8(:T


8V+0V+-LZ'J6W7PH

K()MWPU+B\EDM[-


M1RQ1=DA
#!(3@\3$(#$Q2$P
$A.#Q
0@

ME8SK\J#WTT;=7AS7T2F*SJQ)


M$8-NQ*`;




MZC/U?1






MJS?*DI

+W0M.W%MCXK+NMY1#5Q?(J1A8Y




MNB&.98M
M/?K3

@SQO)T[(A
M3VF#:9

MI3Q+%Q2UE_(L&XK:2WF6#47MI3S+AB[?2[];MI/4$_^R;N_R[@.N/]
F+SQ@





M?@B'L63:\.ZTW(M-&]ZAEGJ:-KQ++?=BTX9WJF4M9=KDMZOH!_S^D]N.`P'D
M?HM?$[(-/]:5^ZUID]]M2ANL=/)C36F#99
?;4H;+!M^MBKW6].&ZLO]UK2A
M#7*_-=LG/SA&&TR;_

08;3!M:

MVF#:T(:=](.UW$;U
M#](&ZQZ'ZA^D#98-U3](&RP;JB_W:=.&ZA^D#58Z5/\@;;!LJ/Y!VF#94/V=
MM


M@TWF:S-/-%O&H+F!(

4([K$-


8QN.RI'[D6E#%65=8-I0GHQ=LRYR7A[&KFG#

WRX(3TJ&;

MRT
WRX)/'D`WZTK#MPZ@FV7!)P^@FV7!EP^@FV7!UPZ@FV7!9PZ@FV4YP7(R

M



2P]+;UH&6`;3
M

L@VD981E-RP3+9%IF6&;3LLRF)83+?34L%2F98:EMJT


L9]-R0MU.9MTJ6K34L-2FY8&EL:TM+T
MIN6$NIW

T:M*A!;]:@/6!3PJS!((^H3
L)#XS.YO.B




MB&D981E-RP3+9%IF6&;3LLRF)83+?34L%2F98:EMJT-+`TIJ6%I34M'2R=

\HC'M(RPC*9E@F4R+3
LLVE98%E
RPF6DVFI8*E
2PU+;5H:
M6!K3TL+2FI8.ELZT]'APUN-$%I[C!U@&TS+,IJ69;)M
RPS*9E@64Q+2=8
M3J:E@J4R+34LM6EI8&E
2PM+:UHZ6#K3TF_QP-]\-W&`93`M(RRC:9E@F4S+
M#
ML6A98%M-R@N5D6BI8*M-2PU*;E@:6QK2TL+2FI8.E
RW3!N-@8XVW!9;%


T[^Y').6WE#
MSMI9J-;'@=8JK8.EQP'`G-L$RVQ:3E#G9*I3P5*;E@:6QK2TL+2FI8.E-RT#




M;APYDH;O%]AW

M'OXHJ?NFY?XB&




V'CY_OO]X5S]\_/W;W?=G9^3Q[NOM
M
^K_].7^QY-:^_;QSYC[=OOXV^\__O;QX=L/F/CE_NO]\[\GHS=OOGTLAU^_

[6/KYIT_W



M5GJB92E6??OV)N86CR?OHZA_$/WW-X@LVO(3Z#]_WAV*G][]$X_01Z]S9)U5

M*@B!S


1$Y$SD0N




U7$H-6033V/FT0H)Q3QZ%:M=.GI57JO8SH]@S:AAU*KYT(=U






.H_6R\ERL=YE

&5V2@FE@)&^V
M`N/RZ20P#A7Q:%@4R[1KJY9.:XLN




M96(USY)X]D=LH'PJ%IQKYS=SKH:+=1
VH8M8PZ1CVC@='(Z
3HS.B2H#2B
MDM(;781
M[/YI4=H(2&819%E1%70H%RMJ*FU;!6RZACU#,:&(V,3HS.CX)
M2@


M
@3+HQ=0S:AAU#+J&/6
!D8CHQ.C
Z-+@M*H9!
(ZKRSY5

IK
M75]!#0K:(36
6KU8L-RIUM55U*@E@=&(UL^!2U)5HR5U*@EB\)2N-Z9?Z!

%UXOI

M1D6R^B@J_KG7+2F\GV3E)QGQ-'9WR#*RHVK%Z4BF4P6=$%)O/*3(#6NUC#I&



MF=$E06E4KB3]TN-G2;]'Z/
T4!6CFE'#J&74


S51H-S(Q:13N7=;[-[DBG
M\FE9S0H<E96;[

4*-J


[HD*(UH
M-AG0P42&C&P:YU&ZK#.$[2@%0+E;,6_W;!6RZACU#,:&(V,3HS.CX)2@.%

M'JDM4DRZ7_'7+KU










KIF%*

U^O
M)
.B/%6O&`(_Z!71^9I73.

MY`




M'.G/W%W
Q0M<0ZJ-=E*;[6DA)8G/J



M'Q++:7PDB;/BXY.[.#X.(3[A3GL4YFZU?`YJZM7#?6T\B\;[EE'G$7Q5^[U'
MT4+HD!1



JL%07'6D:=




AE('EQ'OLCS'O

M_PHWJ!G.*PY9^JR]V
2SZ+C





?26.I7$LTD






M@*`YEF0?Q3Y?TXG4HK#-194A;
00-F((&S&$C1C1@QA(X:P$4/8B%L


)TFV

?A$##X1@T_$X%/


M84R`KXZ]E'W





ME19--DWY1M13;=02ZW$]GD





M^&?*L`16P#]3AJ6P`OZ9


MR?&P+X_XS9LE%23R8SM+L(L`U[$D+23RTSN7P9Z4GYN9PGV#J!NEN1XV*!N
M9@\%B6Q286O8A(.Z61+LQ4'=+`FVY*!NE@1[;E`W6X*N`!OFN`;8VX8:6,\0
M=JJAC4Y'O!PN:EZ-GAA

M]:.R

M):FVZ



M26U*\&U2U

4\HI+2PYKM&J\
E`

MK)03MEARA*='TU



M20^)'*G#DF.!O`J?XV
)3@TLY6!`EN`@P%+.^F
)SO:#-4MR1-R.9MQP;%PI
AUI:D7^U*.3Z7R^#<X5).T64)
MCA\NY3!=EN`4XE+.U&4)3AXNY6A=EN#

MYNO@S.923AAF20N)'#3

MM*:D@Z0S)3TDO2D9(!E










8/PS57^&GU9$:





M=1MVHM7*3&:D2:!0)9


MVY*:7@Z__\&.U)9FS&7I9AFXKB:5\8

-60IV$%(

M]R6Z:.RI[QXG.`5*KEIC850I9)62UK?/5)PM1&






M:9I]9&4&8AEH87\+!1030U]6E;+0:W58EEHM#Q(



MB]DT2\
'#8KL1.+#RZ$?#0+D5#A%6PAQHVFCM-#:



F!

(U05\BTE0

0GV2?`M-M2Q-X)O

2[-7!-;!EAU,8Q+L
MW,$T)L$&'4QC$MQM@$],@BL-\(E)BA13TXE(WS2FUR?H4D)SLS0)B8I$#=]

M7(+


W0_`Z)L'+(/@6DQ1(
S1]'

M`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`

M+W-H965T

Z#L??%]CO$.3]-+%S:XRV!^.[$QM8+
[N/F=2
MMPTFB8LD


_'_[YC[NWYO3C_%+7
MEP$L'


M;$X_?K[^L6T.KS#Q?;??7?YNC0X'AVU0/!^;T^;['O/^[4TW6VV[_8.8/^RV
G^NE^^
T+JLEB.'JX:QWTWUW]


I4.D<1DA2$I(1DA-2$+(B9$U(24C5
M)Y;+D&R)RWH7-V/0A][%V':^8=N2*7TGA





\-:*(E
5+FEEZA
Q$I^$%522T65=SMU



HH&A%T9JBDJ+*0K97Q.G;\XIZ&GJS
M0*Q<7G;;'V&#`TD4Q_)A**%Q)!;=J7-Q^EY7<%IY.08J.@$U)4:H[
Y8S
MK;74I:QS

MV8X2-0WG*%GK6(Z2:(Y








M;K%T3LK8R+5O$XWZ6U-VWWNBERDM?6
?NY9SHZ`M%]3RBJ*U:2B2LC=9.!NG

N1U\5-M




D^-;L6WLL.R
+\0U:ZVB7^Y@*TT.(R7-S_S8-OK$=X^#`!+D%P?F!:7`2

M

9)0F\1

/KU\WSW6U.3WO



MNFS4ZJWSL]_OGU_2!V5[?G;WY_/+\7%;*M6TJ]))4SN1OQ$G;QA*$J?4Y:\V

M
?S%O-6DND]IJA_:MG%I:^6-W-5
?:H?OY2_6MTD)C^T1:WY[KK5:K:OK]XN




03$
P\$\!(L0+$.PL$Z

M!%D(\A`4(1B$8!B40C&(9B$8!J60CF(5B$8!F50C6(=B$8!N70CV(3@X


0*8@
Y`Y
MR`)D;(68-L0+8@.Y`]R


#F-1?C@J)2J(`#I@Z0@&4@.4H`
0(8@(Y`QR`1DC(#
MF8,L0)8@*Y`UR`9D[(#V8


M-`AZNJ=FD)]^?IP]T?G*#V!6C7V5..((&X,*N?IU8125Z/Z]6F.JGY9R:I


MO(]-EY.:?D5H0;2L8K0`^SRE9*VHYZ+R!U(Q5A*KAKD-7J:=1N5%I]HV6S

5I:B*@H]Z12C0%H1,\DKM6RQCVB/I$*5%&E!,51`.B
M(=&(:$PT(9H2S8CF1`NB)=&*:$VT(=H2[8CV1`</^:&CAJU.Z%2=IG(XZ\5'
MB6[L4[BK7I)+R#BH1]0G2HDRHIRH(!H0#8E&1&.B=&4:$8T)UH0+8E61&NB

YTO6H43NT+4&U/J$Z5$&5%.5!`-B(9$(Z(Q
MT81H2C0CFA
MB)9$*Z(UT89H2[0CVA

M7DYL!5
?F=4R-9H3%70_T*CF7
60:B/KS+V*X)W@V&J9JY@038EF1'.B!=&2



MU)S
SR-L$6%+NEM%U-81MHFP+=WM-`I**;C?]C0\Q`UMS\

+/-'.\Y1&U@FH#C8+F[P(0U'QK\74CH'#IM$

M*C][LZWV7X0AI)$70B5S8J.G+:6?;I]IT$JIE6GD^
JI55!KH%&M89^V0ZJ-
MC+/KZL+&1!.B*7W-C);-Y)QH0;2DKQ6UUD0;HBU][31RBV)/M8-Q)D
VIPMJ



R6:
6IS:D&EK!T%XWI#/UNBG49!I0<EN:?A

M(
\3X]M6UM0@&X*SRH]T
:J&G5U`HV;Z9%?A*N6%\6V36QIDDUL9/S_I`AJU




M-`:$HV(QD03HBG1C&A.M!:$JV(UD0;HBW1CFA/=/0'Q]JABO6?NA),[?=
M*I'S1.PV@'I$?:*4*/*B0JB`=&0:$0T)IH038EF1'.B!=&2:$6T)MH0;8EV


E]I46YAEZ1DM/


WR.8K

L@U+KI%$DDFQ




Z(YT8)H2;0B6A-M


EEYV
M=ADN.NH;!3MF2@VRI9P9].:8*==:9LQT$PXJ^.&8Z;6*^/7$P^H!S2NF
F
MK24OADU-]`QRQDP&V7RE1)E!]B[*-7+'3$:+XYS6*Z._$P]R4H[^W!4T6LM!


M&A*-B
9$$Z(IT8QH3K0@6A*MB-9$&Z(MT8YH3W3PD!\
KXQP6QSA:N1V6HEZ


3-:4I1OO$;16O*.3A58K19T
0KCQ:8U

B&
MRM@-],:!6E=!LN&QL8+!P2J'Q0;P9^XWXW6R!T0&.0,#1RSS8U6C9;*5%F

U(]YJ


MB5H_0(DLS9!KBTEDA4:B5A/01A9J)&I1`26R.-1:PLHD:T?B5K23XGL`$G4
MRGY*9-(HA;X4R+[01*USI\2V18BK7=
TFE(6R4+M6C3:4C-R2K'F$2:7EGR
M1HELP4G4Q@A*YB)1VR
HD=TVB=HD08ELNDG47@E*9.]-HK9
4+(6B=HX08GL
M64K41A%*9.M2HO:+4([F!*U;822L4C4YA%*9+-2HK:04)[EA*UDX02V;`H

TZE
CV


R$G6L

M

Y3(

?IT_-?_R?````
M`/__`P!02P



MY7[0UA6&R]RD_.
?6KNR`2'_T+)7/Q+:%490:C0/I=7EN_7E=K4]U9LK&T#R

M]5]$_\-;1!A#_!GT7S]O=]N?WO\+5]9'U3FPSMIK-*8A5Y=4V]:@JT%?@Z$&






M0B$E?-02V957VG9W545M45JB1J0CTA
9B(Q$)B+71&Z(W!*Y*XF+&M*I
FIV
MK0GVH5$R[V3FQ*DATA+IB/1$!B(CD8G(-9$;(K=$[DKBXB!+5!2(F?M(*'*C

MWRT#JI64$SU3H$[1.E^


.D8]HX'1R&AB=
WHAM$MHSN'?*`D


MS36?O[NHML6#*6`1/5[S:%JYYLE0JGG[;EUM':]-X5C-/J227A5SQ3SB7
ZP



2@[A'*`)N2R
MHNU%-=$T6K#


[IA=

M$TE2BSE[N1!2\NHN!$5ED2H168PAR!K=8QZ1@.CD='DD/=$$LODY/Y3DI$



Y[ZT?9^XG

MM%U5&4-C6NC=16M]5MT

QH4793']-3:J%J7




M#88T]U]5XV;

C17[#OP2)J$V9


.+0V6+OLLET8GF7$V`BBV$K+1R9.K6
SOKKK1BN81]1D
B=#<[UN
M4&^.)%HSKYQ.B5:Y$*E6<1&WC#I%F$S-H)[18AW\LAH
A1X(JE)


C?GP2.Y4A.?D
M^$JYEAM?2%LUD.-C#7,=MOL26LH^]L9RO-8KZBXJ`;3RIG^:A?5).AN2[O




LUN:4$7+7$

[4

*-:674
NH8]8P&1B.CR2'OB*1(V9&3
M@S%E5

M'I(HO+=NG+%//`RYN6%;WT5I5*W

^J3G7M+J5#

M.179










I%0^6@[HY91QZAG-#`:&4V
KAG=


MU#'J&0V
1D:30]Z3



M/MA634!M5K`KK'/(&RE95F'DLGRF[

;IF=
/HEM&=0SXJ

MKU=B0\5:R*AEU#'J&0V

M!D566)8&1CW7/)C6LOA7V_PQ*UC-$Z-KKODF:VE:44VBMUG!:KYSR


KKFN&]:Z973GD(]9




V0*WI4
LNM

X8`6G-M
MP/`J:&D(OS_(SN%=T
3P


M33K76]3R!8G@:E%

FT`5E
M=547'-EAK




YNJN;Y3YCJ@
MGAG0=TD-/\22?=JJ?B


*?RB+0:4VPT


M5ROF\.6-G$^;(GY@^;Z];88F(M:$39B!LQA(T8PD8
82.&L!%#V(@A;
00
M-F((6\FJL


HB

0(H8O^1'#I_R(C0&;`G8=L)N`W0;L

82.&L!%#V(@A
M;



E[6R


;AFTP7\2`R[06.P

M/U&S=WW^)$#DNGXKP'6\


5A.96%K




2*&&!%#C(@A1L00(V*(

T.
2`\Q(H88$4.




+RJW.1?9G#'7Y2X@

Y)`$/'5&=R9
M9X&Z_15:22.$)!*Z.'*7D
PCJZSWN[EP]MLV2^K_2^AQ=)\H'^`BZ$^`AG&
M'F&,HOC+=O^+##2VZ`!3(TL/&$WS_%_[AG$T4`PHEC(]+^?IT)N6^;\_3PE
MLNR`JW^//R*;95[;XX](UHH





H1+QGP8:\1%











N7%KG






M?GJX_^WA213P3
_OCX\O]C]P_OW?CT]_SG=I?_[_`@```/__`P!02P
$%``&







M79&[QR\X$OY[\?7!=0*T_?9?[RY7.
+#AY?/[R[7NS?;_6*]7&TO+WZ_?WZI

'?Z4@

MA(+X^TL57:*G3$=T__-+55U*3W#_\VO'1-_QQTPZT?+-]7:[V5W_H`

U\#N!;O

M-!:T%G06]!8






&D8M
MHXY1SVA@-JD%729;*+@W-5\AHNTI+C
B2]ZGYX8W/XZ4%T8EHXI1S:AA
MU#+J&/6

M**AZVUQ0=W9JV)4,VH8M8PZ1CVC@=&HD!;1Y:N)B'-OWELVML\
@.;F1N=


NH8]8P&1J-2BC\[),5:N)Z%A0NEFN%G86$+UFH1B5

MBE'-J&'4

2D85HYI1PZAE
MU#'J&0V

;M^X


M.EVD7RV

5A-U_PE:!X_FI!2''/
M'ZP)7IO%=+#UV@C62I1XK$Y0/%8OZ-5C#?I8N[V9#HX293J6/A

&D8MHXY1SVA@

!H5TJJ8+%]NIFM.
$17L
M53*J&-6,&D8MHXY1SVA@-JD53%)^H]2C#4G[X+BF'@*-<N%V;&V81':3?




MUH/
%7J*7J)8P:AD5#&J&36

M+F='KRC47%!0R5X5HYI1PZAEU#'J&0V

:H9-8Q:


!D:C0EK#
].`#4\#`M*=

VH8

:&(T*::'

*D8UHX91RZACU#
:
M&(T*:55




+A.




M31



X(*AB5`6&A5[PJ05&`6@K&\`VC5@K&6)V@&*OG@@.C40IR+GM]

4KKPXH3!%6^]6U





Z%W-].P0N_L`DJ!
4N5`J*3:T8
MU0%!5XG5B%?L:*V@Z-4QZCG6(%XQUB@HHXK+X)






QK(_Z5;!*UUVEH*X
*E9227L<I'FS?'Z\%SK*<R]&CDYOET%%+=DV;/(
M

M0
_00#D&FD0
34K+FB:EB6-Z2CEQQ(:AJ9EN]38YI6;*C59ZM[#8L+&JH\FS
M@U0;3?9
]V)B:')@?D#$!Z/IE

S8?KNL[
9
MN;@E_17]VH=+&%I)#&.Q9_KN0WYH)3&T
F6FE3IUBZ

AM:')@ZK\1P7@/S*S]+*S&:/SM(<#0_#62:[W*GW
W'
G_H

-/
YV/#06)#*\_PJEYAZ&*!*6$\S^E;F^NS;@%368/B01-TNA&`)<?
MB0#X;F=4P=.6@'/H(#$/BW#MS[QFZHP]`;OEST,##5PA`OEL6I#W[Q&&@3
M,;0IC6?:Y!*DI$T_FNDOPV<X=5M]EJ7GOO;'30_N*$VL5/LS6P#BLQNHA(4
S.16&*1??<%\(18D^#;H&A2\2BR5&-EZ_2J2

G


M]PP_*DD\





MYDR9FS4LTZ(7E=G`

?O]R


M`:L^2

M?/$V9T$9O#0Q9X'6^

1LJ`
MDK3

6=PPDJVU&T3R8PB*9$LL40(K%;FC0&E_0Z#60&G


M3ZY^B+EU
7


E9X
D*Z=+SH:ZK%Q=

MM]B--F1M;DW;U3

M+-A%?7`[?KD
-E
?W




5#F5`G9\&S
;




M+6X/WF8&17
6O-0

U9CEN

3'P7W%
M@\O@JQV(EK

MN
-8Y9^.
#7`9ZH/[AO+7`-\GOK@/K7






SP0[+
;S%9KWQ]?@M^


DU8*?4
MDX-^*=P5.)

;J)G$OQEF'8N:38:3-)62$
MV/X#











AO#CN8A4
M$/B\C(`M8N*GSUC*8LS%#4O^_+EJ6T^9GE0/J[<RFN.[*P*J:JB1C?6&:


MC_T`]7.]GS*:)N
8-)5P71E4BE:L\AI`YEXR\'?





W(KHDH4;
518FA2MPA





B]MG)2?C8



EK
1W?-F:


YD#FZ
]5


^-`*X#
&PO=V]R

X$'U?:?\!\9X&FWNKD]$`FMV1=J35





*U$U_0U':Q='^S`T14`'DQ%+NGKGVWQ*D0C^JOA3QC[%$XU
SUXZ=8




MA/L)!N1S0!+$;CS9$4-1##.&ZE3ZP91W::6FHPHN5+`B,=-T5!!/T3D]Q(
M;HCHCH+*52IH


[#TU$,$($51ZSNI(6BE1
MXPB(`D83C;B+X\CF9L8CDU:U.Y^;`^:;*!%+.0Y-+QIEE*N4G7$`[`CV?D1
MJ:X



T9QM*

T82I.0)(\E92/I2)EX



MYC@Q)POIR/%0HO6DS)0F'4X:I)D$(2

M-6C



MLS?[$L&2RH%@\KXH*9@7J-T'I%&F?!PJ\M-RXW$B?8;LW..S.;H8)KKTXBO
M3*.`3B,-&C.?^(P,\`PC6!0%]/CD&+R/FL+B*GXV)T+.IY1M4PS3DY@JD&Z
M-\6


Y80#__
Z*4W%7K.Y;G<D@;GOQ;'Z5G3'

M.GFZYM_]#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`[34I%%D$``#G#@``&````'AL



X;[7C%

M`0\MW[KGOK^L/8^79]H4?

MHH=U]S

4]:_Y#$5&NT$F@GP`


MQ
_1:)Z2#7!4D4
M^_%@-PBA*#1N3JU_`NK'5`K7EJX'/#;Q%]JDBGU(8N


M+I=64\AU:Q@\J1^Q'UK-2$NWL%J(@;TP48.(EBW3;3
R+#CL0$^
1N2@I4W@

7\RTB03_?X#
MP&


1M'I1T9[SR:X$9BL8Y.0+*D2(6L86B29
$W
M5!5%SYN0:/HCZE`EN!<8B#9#M<)D6AU!(I^R27&0)0E\K!%4HNHO$7\9C



MQJZ_'J+D+HY6[?78/W?7UT/TYQ\?/Q31:IR:ZW-S[J_M(?K:CM$O#__\Q_U[

M.:]9'.?K2]-=(Q5A/_Q(C/[EI3NV=7]\N[372049VG
S@?]XZFZCB78Y_DBX
=N^BJ#1JO+<?_KZ[4?FJ<SGOM+LFF.)K;\$H2_=

M'_N7Z0[AUHIH^



M_OW?;?=ZFC#=F1AR[



]:B
L:ZK<FQ;N+E+
MY9.@V^?R;EV7:G:9^04(MQ&'(?K


)L]-
M




C%\E=MD)W;9:CFVV
ME('(-76B8)VQ?Q






MG59L%BJVAIQV8H6GQ97VTC+$DISY

V#LKI^[6TF\
M4S





121Y\_=1I@I)0
MR2&4*`EEJ6$1JA3F@2HB#V4ITQ1Y:&XIHE$6*`FB49:2Y?L2IX&0005+35IP
MK$&5J3$E*Q!-=KE7G0J6BK34L-2D!7L^\E#12L:0AYI0'/P1C;+@=(]HE*5D
M&T2CE@7.RHA&63@LXOP9UJU
4`.\!8:6I::M.!5%OU,C2E9#&Y4J^/]#]PH
MX=%O&J%#
YY0)*JV#L^&T[$HM9BE0A]HN`SL%M&

V^_/YNL9I


ME^WKP_;Y^+J_Z_^]/_=_O__G/S[].)Z^G9_V^TL/%E[/=_VGR^4M&0S.NZ?]






VS\-0VCFUDTG


=RVZGU#\K_;L^'(I(



_H%JEUFM$


IB)1$*B)UESCC5RDV
M-(&&NS


5\Y4TM'M&+2@P$U6^=&;RX0K6Y8X3



=NR
&55FM63LN?3X07XP:MV%T+9T


8C[UV@%C


EFQY9;7

5;%!RE8G



MQ2ACE#
J&)6
*D8UHR6C%:






&6;=D
MIB&&8CUEM#J]Z]\$Z/O2+_O3UWVZ?WX^]W;'[Z_8CB

M*1'
DF0&23
&7Q+'B:H$`VWB









#T#7G%




$





M^?.7M]^VI\
;3'S:O^ZO?PU&IY/#-N^?CZ?SYM
KXOXS66RV9'OX19@_[+?G
MT^7T=+V!N9EU5

P+_.D\?=T^;+
MZ_7?I_=NMW]^N6*XEZ;)]O2*)^'?R6%OY@!W_PY_'S?/UY?[J?9_99S%?I



;/\.XU)MKIN'#^?3^P23

MJ9-RC9(TS+@;LU4
ZA@T
6ACT
6@#\`

L0M2]((T@K2=*'
MA


*4@E2]((
MT@K2=*'A+EORC_6=`4,Y2[;TEZZ]T7I!*D%J01I!6D$Z0/7


B-G<E4#<GN]M%(E%J[!3L_D=GV6ETTIP
MS#]NEHLYERCC2H1VJR[3NID:AUZ
X.V&JYBDQW7H$L]\P


B$M/SJ5PFK'L%E2TT:BUB$$1EJ=1#UKR$

K6


M@Q*YK2I8Y!:Q+0M/Q15(EGM&,M9\W'VCHMEH56*T`]L\5#
:6$$HJK

(%


MFVA#YGS3=E3SRWXW



GT0](2407MA0EF:R@''(
M]

M

M%X/EV-`F(

\+AY@31FH2R$
HL0-YDM


-O/ZUS6JZ83;-T'4W*GNPH






M)$6&S


M*7B@21I(S-V-;%




M';[MF]_@?N/I=+K2+WCT;/R+F8?_`P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`*#6B







M_E`G9S8`Y#^T1C8`;OAQAB&3VO*Q
WOTL7.KJ@V8F8^8U:O9\NZYV
ULP
A_
M:&\7=W^L31LQN`RLZA\TU$;
S(?
'QVF
QLT\A]_J





MWB?2$&F)=$1Z(@.1+9$=D3V1`Y$CD1.1
Y%+3HI88(JE6SNIOE%BI$M9%Y=
M/JQ*O[Y-,C==/XE,KB?2$&F)=$1Z(@.1+9$=D3V1`Y$CD1.1,Y%+3@K78XDB
MU\NZE=94GNM%'NLIJ]IB\?[D,P5.C6=3)3



U%PLN79S($Y:/;*`_E@-]/0E-+B;2
M$&F)=$1Z(@.1+9$=D3V1`Y$CD1.1
Y%+3@H7R]8^IH_SU2N
^FN3BM0HO9_(





M+LE;HUWCPCY=BYK9YE%0M


M7.'TA(KUB]!F1JAAU#+J&/6

M&0V
M@4JC0NYW7
KYIQS/D



MZ8V+?Q!;6=J\VA3F'I6.]Q4NWU.


NH8]8P&1EM&.T9[
M1@=&1T8G1F=&EP*5`9&\N3:T4SZ=+X


_HP.C(Z


M
-HRVC':
SHP.C(Z





R.IQ)QYQ#D<RITQ!</M$%H!7O\Y%:B6D2
M0\?,!XWJ1\7Q^<HPEIKWFMTC'I#:29:AD1_L.)123FX0_+U[
S(2=DB(3C(

:18\^2EI#OA)V7+%7-+OSG&
H:I8V2A:5C=MG;13Y
)X3

MG*KJP02*P9RK+OTF65ST6_UYCW3[Z[^^_`Y;T?;8PY\DB8M^3`@7O)NV?(J'

M%85A'6;AM4M-DR*CAE'+J&/4




M1QJKNW`LNY[$RC4W''-N
K$I7A76&O

MMEI3P.=WH9




M#[:
.D/8`/FU&]7W+F7J!T.N?LMH9^BF^KU+F?J#(5=_9'0R=
4M9R\WQ1=#

MRZA3-
.]3DD^YD]\95C//0@#*]HRVAFZV?6]2UG7#X:\ZT=&)T77NW[.)$SW
MI5!47ARRMZ_-:;KG]Q3B[2JA8M50Y%[:F)2CQI!;UC+J%(EEUN^^P@:NNF6T
M

MG:*L7WM&!ZYX9'0RY/TZ

PJ9X/55
4_OC(MY[
MVF02-@0:T^WS0
NH

MS#F3


+

M^
E7E[!1T!ARG[2
.D7RY\9FW*5

M&WQ\BB]R&$PB:V^K#

M
35R\?@P#Z?S%Q-)#99#(6S_G[T0^5@`-^0D^A@BYJ^UHAE^3VYL
S'?-#43
M\T?)6U/G5;M)S%D_


MB7GO+A


S%HX5-C1F+=P

7FI
B\__K2%W2&?H9EN]MY7U**8!@^GR


W6SQ[BU5_7DS+V%89_RNG&@]\JJ$H

N:Z](==U
.2ZCHQ.AES7

'#XID2IXN'KY#;5+IETZ+63APW7BY30-(4^*6D:=
MH7R.I'M\O4N9^L&0J]\RVAFZJ7[O4J;^8
C5'QF=#%UQR]G+3?'%T*BX#-J5

W.[YW*5-_
.0=/S(Z*;K:
M\;
+F.9+H:8

MN;

Z
C\MXCV'C`C8`


AU;1GM#+FN/:.#

MRZ@SA

MM6)V+6T8-8Q:1AVCGM'`:
MHQVC/Z
#HR.C$Z

=HS.C`Z
M
CHQ.C.Z%*@
R)5S`;P`CY8K13YYK$W*T891PZAEU#'J&0V
MHQVC/:
#HR.
MC$Z
SHPN!2H]+#ON;
C;D21R)/)P0F%8AW5UK16S
;QAU#!J&76

M':
]HP.C(Z





-HX91RZACU#
B@D
M^I.'^-[?DR;TV6
'AOQP:*
H_U5'8V*YL=/NP(.=$(PUU&M%6&9H*'25IN1I


8<=880J*P'

MJ$Q
-AI9F

$EJK)PB0GZ[`S[#7KC
-@@'^7-[O(4
MKV)P.
I+\G%N2;E?OALQN8SA0B(YF$L
UA+#S$(



M6E4S

ETP8J'+.8*RPD!B,#Q?%-383`IKQM
DFRD9I)F*85)B85K

([R1F3

]83SR[A
M)*N+
3[5K6QG


S.$T=_%=F:/G;A$I/
MS

_#L-^@#S@8

+
9A+#`.`&`8`
1A+#+;F+
16
MDA\WU:^%E!25
53F$QE
(@:3B

MY7Z80COR
%J-E=N913AL7
OK-L9T*+OS4F%-A;7&BNT
Z^M-+MLR#24+9DI6

46JX(TITB5L$H/E255Q






M\KK!)
F7W*3QBI_?OY*A\OW7C^__'L]X98FC^3HQF2JSE80.`[5JN8.
\89#

2YGT8'G#

MZ^?N+\IKFLB=B95)1_RA
9(.K2I=]*[%DT[XT^1R$U9\MVR2*_1E[TE':K/
M!RP&HK(R28A]@8^M+_@[]7FUX*2CJB_K2^EV:?:FVV/6,58(J:XR7L6_O6

]A$##81@TW$8!
Q
MV$0


M9@M)WS)?/3]H4KY7#AIE\*$%`Y+$%^N,(8K1)F;CF&BS*\DN.Q_&VNQO`:
BJ`@9'KP-#4K=;QM(,EW*]TEAEGE;`5F*PE1AL)09;B6$V(`9;
MB<%68ML*VU78OL(.%7:LL%.%G2OL4K(0TD0LUCX19HRQ]+G4S;I%]]J22<(
MR/OE6L[.+!$&8@@#
82!&
)`#&$@AC`00QB((0S$$`9B`,QA($8PD`,82&
M


MH2\8)5EFU2A-/WT@O9WIU^?Q@R4;7!C422YC
2LE5]GG*Y<B!-^9U?3:MEN%(0ADG
0H
P
M$$
8B$,Q!`&8@@#,82!&,)`#&$@AC`00QB((0S$$`9B`


TF;T2SX01++

8
MOMYB;V)(%\5[2(7CFP#AJKS%XK),JNN2NEGZ2I-23W#P=!0YD-H,S'/.&U

MKQ]R+FV=
KQLKS#S6N8/XF9;B6B


</ZHGVW.DF&,
M\R27,8QS8O!YSD(?)^L]D$31E^AW\[T&\1XE
.N*_0A3RS'L8`^$$







'LQ9\*#D

MP;'$

/SQ.#Y/](@@I'$K
&GV!DRLO0R/6
M5$

&O2;7&RMN;%K#






1D\2@
M)I5P
,=ZV*[4<V+N*]
M%CC:Y/*AMUK10=@D5^B+2Q<HOJ*@@KKE'*,Q$CZTM^!:WB8H&P5?7%OB2



!!#&(@A#
N]B$ES64?$L/BJF=U84^(

3S;
RJ:Q_TVNJR*1G-#ER67K'8Y)9EEES7Q]+T).CDE

ME4B/W^ZI=5D_ZE-T65DQVI05HTU9
=JL;JT/




WM$G?'&3:PS1]_2'40J0=]P


MX6QE^0;_U


M)#IKUX




M*-Q//

MEL%=



M3=B.#EVQ_1YCHEH&E]R+7VKUY&W6TI=:&=[M?8\Q42T;\*`I^HEOD[#M^(*/




F=5R]!%V5M4R]!%V5M4RQ!6N8ZJ9?+M.]3#
M%XFXG_+1.]2KEL&T.[&OMJ^?7=B7ZT,ILE8JI;!M#NQKU8/]MV)?;4RF9C
ML%KV5FS`/S7[\-W%1XRE:IE\AA`V5
OD\X.PH5HFGR&$#=4R^1PAQE*U#&Z6
M&.'SJ1P'=%_F
WQNE
][2QUH1ONLMW:@5X<O=
M$IU:4?^$0D?IN<.#BB13]9SR=LG'.[A6^A<LD:)?(2=2_!Y^3?R+78NP5?F


6!'=NQ$SOQ)5!UH:A_%BTK]?;[9%%[P#X]V]%OHOWL49(9


M2%5I2%/9D$UE1W:5C47GG;3-TZH[TE4&
E0.Y%29R%0)U!:TMHA$E0595!*2
M5#*250:+\H.@UM


E7BU7#4OF&YVHTJV]5L5#F0J;)2
MP:H55*2J-*2I;

M*AWI*@
9*@=RJDQDJ@0DJ$1D44E(4LE(5BG(JE*1JM)H_#;M^V[(KM*1KC*0
MH7(@I\I$IDI`@DI$%I6$))6


MY41.E8E


_







;
MY/#EVX]O/SX___GP[MVW#Q\?/[__=O/TY^
76'Y[^OKY_3/^^?7W=]_^_/KX



WW[YO.'



M?_ST^\=G]/=1DGQX^@






M2$ND(](3&8B

M5B(-D99(1Z0G
A`9B4Q$9B(+D4M*
L5*SU.K([WL#?7<CX2B(I<AT=.:5#

$IZ$BD(=(2Z8CT1`8B(Y&)R$QD(7))2:8CMG.ICCKH!.=B.7*_#[N6





XIWC]K!DU'NUC&UI&G:)X@M`S&A3%




ML;L2E:P\CTH\.D#L9-`6K:^\%RY


MVJ.]WSO=;(H]1A\=M+!!L\$%]'IAHWK%PJ:8E[1L=[
M^R(Z:&&+9G.ML+PO









Y4))G&


M:&`T


MXY'\$0*$0WF(6*E7NM.CDYY:O?P9Y^:^:$2C#O'@L564J*P(\R!4B0KKO==A




M'

MFG8JA\S`&8^

%




]U^%2
M:D8-HY91QZAG-#`:&4V
9D9+AG)5KL0;N$:54T]1JHKWBJAFKX91RZACU#
:
M&(V
)D8SHR5#N2I%O/':20/2E++H[@P5][K^DE#=-!QUS!JM;8
ETY:8@.FO.2H5S7*^'#@<



M:&`T

Y4+)/MX2RNWO

:&(V
)D8S

45LF)4
VH8M8PZ1CVC@='(:&(T





FS*NV*Z;'DKAIU2XYRW6^$N

)
M6_4J&E

E0KET1S[QV
MDG'D.

E'46UIDQ8PTE;PZTS6&^P@;
;U2V[(.^*1WPG3CAKPJ2Z

MBN*.H%84Z]@P:A7%O7*G*.;5*XIY#8Q&1A.CF='Z)*A7CTNKF_%5[L;SV2

M\F[Z&QOZY:RWXUZYBMLP:A6E4X/7T+RLN_N;



8S3UU:Q4E2ZVB.()[13'AP&AD-#&:&2V,+AG*
M);P219TXBE(D-X_0#SLB^UHY=W\2PKVQ^*27'L[GH91V1I%4:-6$29[*
M8

V?^&-O$:69%+]9P42]70SR`5
AU


0B&J

M&

MU#[S

M$X=\BM!OJG@56!P\M3+\]E+]&L^RGO$EX`?*ZM9I4MS44]8K2[(;.+M1W9*D
M$[O-ZI:4N@06N_82V-J(7


9D8+

!H938QF1@NC

&H9=8QZ1@.CD='$:&:T





N22\V(IYE/6-






M1YV2^1
W.O`:CAE&XISA]/EP@Z3M(72=#Y14\.G&@



MN01D%91W2!$LAZL
!\6X8[GNE^(L*1;1RGMDLT03N:%QO+NY+8+.AE.UH2@W

!D8CHXG1S&AA=
E0KMV5J/F.



'B4WBAA
M5#-J&+6
.D8]HX'1R&AB-#-:

VH8M8PZ1CVC
M@='(:&(T



:YCU;-=E`4LQT938K\

4





MF%M
B\_&$L-W8XGAP['$\.588OAT+#%\.Y88/AY+#%^/)8;/QZ:LT*T(/-8M

M4)D85$Y9H7(1R.AIZ';#$8NR0LKBA@RD=$ES*8E!2F*0DABD)`8IB4%*8I2
M&*0D!BF)04IBD#)EA9178I?MAH,79=B3)A/=^24,$YT8=
&W8A!-V+0C1AT

M&'0C!MV(03=BT(T8=$M9H=&5&6+1[C*
_*\4SBH3E!Y9`*K%#Y2BB
M=WP:(]&SXHRF.`2`PCYB;^FP.@D!DV)05/'TG


M)(91Z9D/._)?HT+







2A*#`LN
2A*#(H2@Z+$H@Q*$KLDK-98D1_J[*

*A.#RL2@
C&H3`PJ$X/*Q*`R
:A
M#JGK%!98H1$Y7!RM/5A2:E8\G1!G0CAOE.#+H1@V[$H!LQZ$8
NA&#;L2@
M&S'H1@RZ$8-N*2MTDQC!U
T%#_E$=RPYQH!NQ*`;

MNA&#;L2@&S'HEK)(]GOFQJY0#7R+.X!D
C8M(&#0B!HV(02-BT(@8-(&






0@JV.OQ4Z:U`4OA_(U9Y=\H;LQ#[]Y2'GO!)?7GT*Y[@L+:O
MZ!:)$

M(3%H2/E!
.\7\\/03=
'KG/3E_H5
MI]50U6<3E<;()095/<,^YWIQ6.\F[LB;LN1!-4I;ZA.#*I_3WGHB*R\V^)'

#O%Q0EYISB6G5CM/
O67

M`Q)26DA(#!)2?M+\H-&:=I(]GZFQJYF#7R+$BQRZ!`
WN.FF!0LL
8Q

C%PSD8\NS




M]7YY4T^\^XE^6C
TE3)$4Z-CNJ86CSR@J=%/
T13
U@T57:%25-?W_KY;62\

M-APEKX9B/^M9L0


GY
M8;.=NA6/R:9SDU@9`;?]\HN$6%T'(K:?G#3H@1*B*+P0E/5N$M_/&_8OV'

M92MA-L#O



MPSOB4=ZDUQU


MG0K
;^?GCR_H0T]JSZ^Q+@TVY-IFM

O
M%)#]1Z+`ZWWK-BQYWWH&9;3ZD

:


M@TT&FPVV&.R2

`
MT1+^YNOC;S^^Q6/0IX?U32,D)!&;3NQX3:,:;L5V[H-HW3[/6PXT;#2[0]B
M6W_)2.F.&]A032O=1FSX!;!IVXIM'24YV8GMO62QC:I)WYL:.6YE7KB65+3

'G*[,!331;B`::[4/SS)Y1YG])*W&?LI27BZD#^MEA!7!

_*4RZJ#^O5A=/A`G/WL%YEV(:..4COF&W&)DS:8+4/
MU3])&RP;JG^2-E@V5/\D;;!LJ/Y)VF#94/V3M
&RH?HG:8-E0_4/T@:K?:C^
M0=I@V5#]@[3!LJ'Z!VF#94/U#](&RX;J'Z0-E@W5WT@;S%&/D%;:8(UP5'\G
M;;!LJ/Y.VF#94/V=M
&RH?H[:8-E0_5WT@;+ANKOI`V6#=7?2!NL]J'Z&VF#


MO'$C;;!V

@UU;1AJ
@U
MU;1AJ
BZ:]HP5.2::MK0!ADOIB[XZ8Z
%].&9LMX
6WXR8F
%]
&761]
6WX

6TH2L:+:4-1
EY
&[I.YKMIDQ]0H__

M03+?31M^6B7SW;1AB
E\-VWX@9#
=]
FKXY`V_%2`QZ?\@H)M
^TR;LBT#[3
MAJ;)^#3;CJ;)^#1M:)J


F;_Y`/4V;O`$$]31M\B80U
6TR2L_
'9-&ZHHUVF\THC[3]ZH
M(W6QXE=Y'X[D:=G0[R?)T[+).V0D3VNM0YZWDJ=E0YZR1IJV_AY-QYO]N`5X




MFV7!M]5Q4&?6X!;'V/@:


MY8P:G

MM-2PU*:E@:4Q+2TLK6GI8.E
2P]+;UH&6`;3

L@VD981E-

MN)@__0E!EFD98!E
RPC+:%HF6;3,L-R,2W]=OHDQ4U#[`
IF6$930M$RR3
M:9EAN9B6


M/%&
ZP&6P;2
L(RF98)E

MC+J=S;I5L%2FI8:E-BT-+(UI:6%I34L'2V=:)CQ8
.'+H'S-FN61`_.)@_F(




&[1$W
LP:#%!G


L
RFY8%EL6TG&$YFY8*ELJTU+#4IJ6!

L$RF989EMFT++`LIN4


2TM


M'G1##2P+'G.#!I8%#[FAI99E@`5/V4O/O0N7C&\__?#G^]\?E_=??__TY=N;



MOX@
9@3S$)G
(M_^_5_?OE[]\^[QZ?[A^[OK^9O9]=7=]P\/'^^_?WYW_3__







=CO%

M[%Z


M$&F)=$1Z(@.1(Y$3D7-
DCC(
BG*$;3W$[CX,AB$^)`I)2$VF(M$0Z(CV1


4L/1HL759Y6R^3

MX%(S:MARJUH[M9QE6EU04

M

M\104U/(Y
[N`DZ8Q'JV=;`MHYLZ\3HG-A*XR7);12O:4IV26\2%X]D^W$:!(LB&P7*
MN99<CTUE52R6-%$'%0UQK<5F(5-9UA2J%H[J?DFOMWF&P!=I*+%^HD%ZP-;
M/TYJWGJQ+:@U^KK/BJE2YZG8:#V-KR3-5GQ=
IW$UR/$5^M=SE4ML
I@M6=1


MQKEWMUME^6H_J82;-?`%CZKV\@5/JJ87W&[7V9+D/*F


MM2I$69^B.

L
M[SZKE?%:Z9V07#]JX=


^[6BX%;#J%44




M.]4*=GM%MMU!Q9?LIL&4/-J89+#G3FW*H36FVR@.V5Y?Z0NNW6.\?`M1I6&[





&D8M

&D8MHXY1SVA@=&1T8G1.

\&[T=BE?X2T(5HYI1PZAEU#'J$Y1Z(EFTY8G+KN/Y?.E1R'5+
M1A6CFE'#J&74



M4E44LL9*46BJM:+(4T:M1_$958^BHUM]4C!U)$X9PUV6554VIGJ4'BM=Y2L+








5GNV#CE5HRAT



O7&_
MQO-:23-S595Y?BI84)ZJ5PR![_6*&.BF@O$5TV8FB=4OQ
_E8?&239J4A'06

F2#9:]JJ;6H'FF;E;15@RV_<\PSO6RK
M7.:&O-
[)-R5*WLD4+IT)+FT7%J&;4
&H9=8QZ1@.C(Z

.D9]



MY1NZ?6(YC8\D=U9\?&X8[N%AXQ#BHUVL5!1MXGB4[
^I6NRK-Q90Z[7@J]KO

CHQ.C
X)2J-R

*H8U8P:1BVCCE'/:&!T9'1B=$Y0&I4+R=N&DS=%8:@N&56
M:D8-HY91QZAG-#`Z

YE)1:/25
MHB@-5!0<:QBUBL+8TGD4IX&J%6P-C(Z*@JT3VSJKUF@K::3;\GQR+.HN'PY


#HR.C$Z)RB-RH5\?LOYO$=Q0L:H8E0S:ABUC#I&?8)23RXDW%M.N!6%
MP:ED5#&J&36
6D8=HSY!J2=9DOQ:XK/EY%E1&*1+CRXG/D%!.W[-J&'+K6I=

M;VIO*SK[T3!J%85.U'F49`O^BL8
+QF:Y8G+W.)-(QQ

MI==*9GA7

MM3I&?8+2VW0AZ]EQUN-1UE)IH'$%\?Q5YL%\9JK42+BQM:+X+GHC`;6JY7XI



RD[R-;&'DVM_B
)AF1M]GV3^D+RCF#





M!
_B:M'U\
30)(AK.(HY`JR*BP=F9,IPA5CVX[FL3A1+NQ@8S=[,4C=S-SE'AC6N&NXXA
M=]*X)
9Q-`.B


<X1\]A<PSQB,.6941HB).:A@AA(X:P
M$4/8B%LQ!`V8@@;
82-&
)&#&$CAK#%+`N;Y(G&K#[';S
X;(XA%]9X($;$

M$8-/Q.`3

=\H:Z'^:B,'QFG4<VW8(U;93X#)<S%^49^`X7
;A)

CL45=\1-I_MQ9
C
M
\2(]!`C8H@1

R

0B!5T
O


77R\(D:989

\
8SP


M;.QR))O/Y7IC]V;90F3C(V.6;44V;BCFL@VJ@G/Z1BTWJ`C.JAN2+:J!



C@G@5I;$IR'0-TLR6&W0-W
$0D2





$OU.'
MIY;DL



M-+:&MQNCC4YK.;PQ^J-)23RHENVAG?XPA]+@E?YPA]+@C?ZHFZ6!*_M1=TL
MR0&U/IBUQ@NF]Z4IJ21-RP;M89$7K3

62O7RQ



OKO9?)FGUE2OE&L3`*H

(


U2W)`W`YFW/#QL;U\?HNM59#(5[A8


M$9\]1JVM.X?/%N/^6!)\=AC6+
EY+IO-5H9R0-T.9MU*2$I34D%2F9(:DMJ4

E@2H[8)CR9NX1G2



M:)7A)(HQXHKI7*@RP[]_/=[-
;*.JIS66O$

MPY5SS9(0RRHNJ8UTPQ6\*;21U


M8/Q!LX/DR@6(X35U$+^M1&-/-


M

W'@UPPN,(@+ZLMZE



H:


`J
.
M

M%U+FT4#
I2-`;5O`#7:#2#T#JLDWPJO4#OU





6C?DI


4



M?1$47)U#!BI*VE8$L`:;^#8(;!#:(+)!;(/$!JD-
AOD-BAL
+;!Q`93&\QL
M

MMZ;*J%:IPP)(`0$$@&)@21`4B`9D!Q(`60,9`)DF0&9`YD`60)9`5D#60#
M9`MD!V2O$R-:Z)GW6]$B].F!0\U/'0G]CO6
&$JE2^%2J]3A`B0`$@*)@
1`
M$B`ID`Q(#J0`
@8R`3(%
@


@4R`S
M('

@4R`3('
@
R!+(`L@:R`K(%L@&R![(#L=6+4.(T;734N
ML%GC%6G=JAH'X@



DA1]:KTH.:1*;I:91&WSF3HPRVG$6C0\
MJ'MHK4;7U/*E5K]3S0


MRMN33-6P5'BL0Z+?L6Z[H9AK%86JA[(]H%0Z7
GQ42!]7B/44:E`TY
*$(6((D0Q

M)YZ3OF(`D0AH@A1C@QD)D3





:()HBFB&:(YH@6B):(5HC6B#:(
MMHAVB/8&

M:()HBFB&:(YH@6B):(5HC6B#:(MHAVAO(#
8S@R/Q7XF.Q@JI/=XI9:&?$0!

H%%NU[%*12#WW1ZRED(\H0!0BBA#%B!)$
M*:(
48ZH

M5PKL.4&4HN=

MWVQ;FV\]J)U\1GIA2ROZ'(77QK*N?AFT^IB).Q8I94R4FEECZFE5MI-:Q\



MQ-/NMP*I-(I$6LA9\A:EYHDI5-'$J(`48@H0A0C2AEB#)$.:(T1C1!-$4
MT0S1'-$T1+1M$:T0;1%M$.T=Y`9B2=F1IIX]2(1/18Y)H?(?(1!8A1!&B

M6]UN1GHP2V%?-0*$(6((D0QH@11BBA#E





*R)BLR-
S9

M;D/5\S!#ZLRT;1NG;1D9(56I&2$E+;52#:2IIA;6WE3A1Z@6.]025$LEL@K+
MNL$S-
S9OQ%2


I=7CS-`R


(EK6E\K:JF?*V1M,-HFUMJ:IMAVI[5AN4:F8HB8EWQP2MH]#
M*$DT







ZF

5@M

M5LEM&*GDMHAVB/8&
B/16I9XLUG#Y8J.1$:WKV):[/E234
!HA!1AA&E!*




MUH@VB+:(=HCV!C*#04Q4N()!3F!H_?ENA?07+Q#YB`)$(:((48PH090BRA#E
MB`H#F:5B39O4MPA.CW0E4O


38BX)I4-3
M`RCYTFQY7^A(
^+BP_)E=L3.7+X&5(673G\TJ'B<CJBG+LR
M/NQ25+@2H+IR516U/YZX?3!KU/!XXBY";4_GKB94$+-D?N*910T^.)6PLE


NQ2B-.$


M*'I=$MJ=13'JDM`F+8I1EX0V9E&


Y3BVB79D41LVW/%3H-BQR6AC;44.RX)[:^EUL4EH2VU






MG0TE
4G$(6THH=/M/'%6&TKHD#M/'-F&$CKKSA
GMZ&$SK?SQ`%N**%SLCUQ
VX@DXH0\3





M^87NS_\3````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`7C]7RMD=``#-CP``&0```'AL



M^O7VWZ?7VW]\^


M_/GQX90_/_SQ=/K^-AEY.7V[?T/Y7[\^_G@5:T\//V/NZ?[E]S]^_/+P_/0#
M)GY[_/;X]N_1Z.W-TT/2?/G^_'+_VS?4^U_+S?V#V![_A\P_/3Z\/+\^?WY[






D2

M@!Z


!'\Q2Q`L-I#\8'/K!$L\/1'(B!9&22$6D)M(0

MJ\

MFUEKM8@A7PVOQW[T.ZP/.RC]BXDOW'].[J\9%19M/?G3\JOMEJ'U93=YKC9
M1-%=P[9;1MU/9=='V:V6FV.4W1#8#IO$1+E:DTS1+Q+*`Y:I1U:4TB*!/D
M5@Y14N[+6`&AD+4?.=:8PY55@O.%?NU1?DH(9MM8PZMM6SK2%(&+K%A+*:
M6VR(Z[ME0CM4:.Z#N^,R[JF3UGH]]HGU]KA:1`-9;A:JYA%?SY4M!+E!MF14
M6;0QH_6?']:[S7J[[.OG8ISI


-VVK9

M




M%'AE=68-
_)P#6.1OT'`*&=4




MJ
*X0




OF

M
C?3&1;
M+:..;?5L:P@2AGXQBX9+CWWT6\MJ6F0$$_Z$

?I]

^WF


KNFZAA
M#V4


.F..8=-$B[-K

QUWF)F


DH\JB*T&(U;)1`08&_*09

WW


MPXC](AJ;

M[;2


M25BNL


AS$J\E6AM86@V;;];'W;K:+@I1
5YH!3DGO=*

M
MKZYUXU$_'#HL6F%!)9TLLVSK*I



G.&642=H

MU58+8]

MJZ1YV$HMH.D22T(DBQR-2YLRJT;RDJ+@B#))G2!32T)76#3'*V6K;5B9:S




7Q879(QR1@6CDE'%J&;4!BL210


Z5HG0MG

V&]M

/C

MS#(.5X5HN5\`2D'RI50X$U0B1G=6[8;UCV(WVZX79JPI-O-K?HA?)$CWD]+%
MO0&G(TV;
RH8E8PJ1C6CAE'+J&/4

M:]R%W@5KE8PJ1C6CAE'+J&/4


J&)6
*D8UHX91RZACU#
:


O9:AEU@IRM
MGFT-HC7:OMIM*8^ZE=$KCZICB4UCSZ5W8'K9;L#D9;O+D3BVL+BZ[L#EHM


)K0;D:MH7LNM


M[


&$V2'8Z)B<@Y306):!9@E`8^6B2[+!+JR(


M&V(7C*WA9QX



&G0HGY=H4E-23F$Q:6X(L[E%JK3P9)KDKP+1W*
MIJ7!)W4HFR;!EW4H@2;!!W3H59JDWJ/XK-+C6^^$0:38(//]&FF@3??Z(G

M;Z'3\PGW.PW?!:?F^Y68*OXQ/S03=+\$5\8K[K9@F^A
=$KTGPQ75BOJ?F



('A4D^`H(+2V





6$W


MJC7-(
E420Y)KDIPXC#*IOFMA*14)3A_.#&GY'*I:TCJ
Y(%)-I(@?/)X0--
M@E/*T4

M2X-SWN%135)!4JD2W!.1--//_]%&%*Z+2
R]!]P*N#4B

MX((([/AH$EQ/D)C+!SA-!8FY(H`E..H?^6@2W'&2F/M+.`VN*T%--0EN'D'9

JF27`32%*J$EP(DIAK*]A:#4E]

M5S#!HYH$UR[!HYJD@

/YX





M]71Z^_#_`@```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`+;/=@@V`P``J@D``!D```!X
AV\_G3^L3XDR@(D18PU)&

%^[Q<OQ.G`W=Y




%`VA


M-91[GE'Q'M
K#\QR@DK3B9XQFR(2'7&=4]L`.$@OV%!1PT:X-&STF+']@U#O
M5M/$!._/M48RR@33LM5PQJ_OS=N1T1GJ9F



M0I!L2#])[HFD0N'(


M

*+X)Q:'8T;?
M@+76&P]]+KP)@LE5]HTX+M!!2_IMG$_]/XK%U7MH-M#'\)T`S?!$TGA1P`R




M965T-3



9,*&)R$:$*IBS6<&

MA?%$
!1@KS'0@*EF*Q.1_1.1OX4P9
(VLZJ.

MDE60F/[
\

MAL#A3
].C?+:0NTR:DPTE/$NC2UWIMTZCR!`]H&9NV.XVZ8F&&54;]_UYAFG
M4%EM=1;_7F/T%

7)\GK4M$!]S^MKLB7\2#+2
M-
(IV*F#LQ%`52:K?E[V\+P

7\2#OA-*24'^Q@A'C^H'0
M\GZX0H[

`4$L#!!0`

M+GAM;)15VXZ;
!!]K]1_L/R^7'


VK:,<UH2:?&:5K2<E$2!4.1


[BB+UDLN.2I

MRBH*9D.9=`%.G#]IZ)=$3\%F^VKW8U.`[P(E-7G0OW@E\^49;F:B_UEI@7



&M3WY7O
M.





M152$2`\86I&@2LINX_LBKTB#Q8QUI(65DO$&2WCE!U]TG.!;VIJ/PJI=]@



B%#6!$$H8YCKR'&1&LQ*5R*$


7$MQ
UI[&8Y*-:E4%J^)
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#4V+GAM;(Q66X_:.A!^KW3^
M0^1W2)P+(0BHEJSVM%(K54?G\FR`6N3.++-LOWW'=LAB0UGU1=(9C[/?'/Q


M
-T#$#IY-_]7=E#G#4H6\RR/$AQG*-A3J5Z8/HNZB(5;_ZS(-R;LD;BWD@



M!6QGE\-@X46YZT&W6F19L?3S8
T

PA@P/4KO3=W@%XQY6
RY@MUK'L_P
M445AD41S`!\Y5[<7_3DP?*9M?P$``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`+-`\V(


D\BE9$



0@_UW.534/L`B;U'8GC9'[A


M:1_/QG$2BSB.;%/:?[]K.V0$IJXO27Q][KGG?F5U_R)K]

.(-


2P




M])F+LK+0[:ES8:J&2/!$4K@1@

M[\+WN4!%F4
_.+AW`I4&K


UPL*KUP[-7%C;-?U;P
M!^4PC]$(P(52]GQPR]__D]=_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`F:D46X\#


_



)T


MGS


)



DU)G.=1.:
MB&)$R)Q)VG(VX(.P21U$W587!9,8.6N*22-SI7P)L1#%#Q`6I%QTGA:Q]`+

L1TV961*8
K<QE<HU!H=:(

@2#^M@%\B

]^!IY;H'T?=E



O

BYX;6R
F%UOJS@0AN]7VO^`N#_A(PD)59*C`U9WC[1'6JWVXYH2


M6-3GO?O/W\]?MJ[3=EE]S$I6T[W[D[;NU\.OO^SNK'EM+Y1V#EBHV[U[Z;KK

MIR*GA.6WBM:=
-+0
NN`O[T4UW:T5N6?

O!1ET?WLC;I.

KRT7;_13-?%7G#6G;J%F#.$Z#ZFF

M[4Y#3WOW6_!$PJWK'7:]@_XMZ+V5/COMA=U_:XKC'T5-P=NP3WP'7AA[Y=+O

Z3GYK.U;])T3!8$H80<C*\`<^J')
M/M@3(/T2-9EAUW#[@Y$!4S57C

M$*]7.^\-G)




=I[W0NY(*%M?@4F$QH8[
G8^Z'/B4V!$#<(L<]TR:.\5T7=
MXNU-A$;VZ';SR(,^DU-=HRR)V!0(F%?'Q]$T^I2WJJQ`BHT


M$

JKQL.K6BR(HF(O7G![Y`NS
M
L]*B-4*9N9EY
$\18*H+C.1($0B$C:&0+#WDT#NW\KC
2(O'`9$44\PHG+A



M%SYWVQ1:.23(8Z4VU3WR]@82)RX?F)_^`;0SI(S$!]?!.K!#/SHO$XQ7H_
MR\RBIF!F]1_:4(@L0.F\A%@EF!E7

N+9I



M
2YX;6R
5-MNVS`

+*.



MWMG9V=U)\MM7V:$7;JS0JL#I-



M0+$5G7!O@10CR5:/C=*&;COH^S6]HNS('0X7]%(PHZVNW13H2!1ZV?.2+`DP
ME7DEH`

MT
SG+S`




Z:PP;__O4X6F`D%6ER4O&&;O`;E?AN^_G3^L3%LRPI50@8
M&KG!I5+M*@AD5M*:R#%O:0.6@HN:*%B*0R!;04ENG.HJF(3A+*@):[!E6(F/


\A`EQT)
M6FSP?;3:12$.MFM3H#^
GN3@-Y(E/WT1+/_&&@K5AC[I#NPY?];0IUQO@7-P

MG
S#.)HD&.VI5(]


9`RSE_



MR.SIN)`=[2J
M)
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#,T+GAM
M;)2:6V_C.@['WQ?8[Q#D_32Q<S?:'M27)$YB8+$XN_N<2=TVF0NDLQTSK??
MORS1LD3V




MQ+?]87_]NS;:[1QW4?Y\JL[;;P?


%N?]

A!-KY(.&`]
0O]3P)ACVQZKO#YH-33/\FF:C







M3



[)B
M9
W(AI&B31S7X!B67*.PZQI-9L
F8R6
I(QDC
P963R91G9
7(FI$-(T6;

M^L6)+?6KL-NO(;IP56=SH@DV21/_C&1MXO2K

M+$%.+=)=F'?TTJ-UCHJY-A?S1US61DIIZB.UAUV@NKH]*KYR:#
%CR2D+(
M+EEJ$


MG*@RJ!U5&CE19;2$WE4*E'K7J='I72

2.M








9'=2-^A.ORLW(CKW'
MS3E:&/3QM6%IM


M
`B+06&5$+)O`M*FH4T.&:FU'


MR/&7-M]]*R$;OD*?4=A&SM28M:VO#44%(\,H[1?]`5_CM1&B0=^WTGVB0
MELYPDYEW4J963K[-+6W9G/!(*V%T:*'('C?[3Y:6UH%:I-SRRN.UK:A.H.#



P

(+R
%/H[P
2H-B'=R0):GYX1Y+@D4&D'@CP


MRXM$/
O*D@2/(N-4D2!^


5MN.

M')\Y

MHJ9V`\^;NPVF+3(

M

MZ)/JP):Q5P5]*90)%KL7JY]U!WYPIR`EWM?R)SM^)71726AWK);DK(9(\.LT
JUB(GWPO)FK\&I*7W)
&))`29

M)(A6[@%JD9\P&X-)D--C0AN174$




MN(6P1


+_8#[9_$0W-
A+


P5C\ORB;L+^V7]#P``__\#



+91

V))F6NU1[`4$
KTQ*U8L@:*RWPVAP92I[QS6F\#
M8@/2IW*5IGGT!+V@!YM-L%EA--A





M





YP6@8G
MV9(\36^)I$+AR#`UG^'052487VFVDURY2&)X2QWHMXWH[)%-LL_026JVN^Z&
M:=D!Q4:TPKT&4HPDFS[62ANZ:2'OEVQ(V9$['*[HI6!&6UVY!.A(%'J=\X1



/!Z2XLPD8[V+GPV<_E

PR[/BBS;
M0BW)D)2D_?M1DN/%R=#UQ;;(P\-#4O3J_D76Z


M5J*Q9S;)WD
GJ7D^-'=

O
A/[\$/]F+;V0K

M\2%

DM&Z7T9Y;MQ
^%B-VL$[+WQ&4



X+GAM;(Q476_:



9)L]E@I


!82R
M+?4CELZ`\*C\&+[+!2K*//K!PX
3J+1@?5Y

L(]8

\:2QB

Q.V
!Z?;
#];

`%QJ[4X'O__=;WGQ%P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`


MLC@4AN\GF?]`N/\$/*%&_;*1LS/)9#*':\2J9`

M;Y\NVO7V0%U__RQR[8-4+*/E1K=&IJZ1
J7'K#QO]#__\+\M=(W527E

MC?Z#

+(;4&$4JVT2]U?5T9!DLOI$C8B%Y)24G6A5)#;?5
MV6#7BB3'IE*1&V/3G!M%DI6ZB+JOA*#GDY92ER:W@I2UB)(1?*DAO:S2W9E

M7V1I11D]U2
(9XB&OO9Y:2P-B+1='S/H`4^[5I'31G^S5ONE;FS737[^RLB=



MKJ4W5M/B;P%9CU`BR/@19`+-?)2#]

M620#NOO





M./L^YM]%47)GWN\.EV5W;&4U=`0R:S;?B3DSX2-/JAU*N((8
-CKQK!['N)W



M\
]%0\E?)0(4)$B0@E8I2`$S;/:G\^A#OB!W.;06ISF1'\IQI*;V5L'-/
M89UHU?;@_C;A9P-%=ZR5TZ?OK!6\T;[RKK6%UO0C380G
NOR9G\FE3GK&1:
M3D[0!'-DPYY8B2.\N*GIM3E='F@-)_+FYP7^:2'P)FR.`#Y16C]O^`/:_VZV
M_P```/__`P!02P






10+
M=^LYV5$
C&
@C8$L!B8QD
?`-`9F


M2$I(1LB$D)R0*2$S0N:$+`A9$E(0LB)D34A)R(:0+2&[)A($%?%K!E7:.@=7
ML9-K/JB13O]8?0X)&1$R)B0E)-D0DA.R)20&2%S0A:$+`DI%D1LB:D)&1#
MR):071
)XH+.EA47!X=Q\4@C+H2
!D3DA*2$3(A)=D2LB

MQ]Z-
P^SHT::V5$C'?PYMI;]]GT8OM'12(YQ3$A:(PWI[&AS0GIR-!+IG)`I




M2NJO9&@CT$E_V\A?

L\X-5C1:!JD=W%-05#T(A*R3RFOH






M;%F*K9DJ!!(Q5:&V%K,5*QD:.0BFT-L9V8&3%S@T56S/P@4K.2\%#0?^C'

;


M7U6C]TNQTN


MLYK&U+F]PG0]&7RJ3


MLRE#
X%..IN+E9S9;72!%F*@SI8
%0*==+82*W'6CSN-8J#.2H8V`IUTMA6K

!=)S31G*

MC45&SR)E*!/HY#/0A)Q%;5$N
NILRM!



G01B#5VK+6+K`*P^4&_:QPR0#A
30#]ZE'


*F=A^KG12BO]_)HIO6@4T-AG\,/=FH;
M.O)F2RI4\8Z;FF#&4J=9$(-7*!5*M*4
S@51K+I!J+012JZ5`*E\(I%8K


35EKQE9SAA8
+5FK8*L50VN&2M;:L-66H5T`A=%R
M(SI6M&1X[QB:@9MAZ!XE;_6&&PK6QTVF-1E-36V82:3'!I9ZK/%Z*6N8-3S0
M]-2&F7C(#6S*'F8-LZ:'J+&9-\S$P\+`ENRA:)@U/41]J%7#3#RL#:QD#YN&
MF7K@J:H-


M;+5E:!=`04K@RZL@)62DL
+#T'L(3Z?5?

M$X9RAJ:L-6.K.4
+AI:L5;#5BJ$U0R5K;=AJR]`N@








FFAO`LU*M'MAK/B)V:PBI)K?\
MT$-(+(%&'FJ\41Z+E9YLRE`FD&I-6L7*]6:
C032+7FK+40*]5:
E0(I%HK


U#;YU6GRL&

M@E3SPWK-'D

MK[H


MRM#L+-=S*2CG&7?.%F*@SI8


MA_@\U&FA:ZYU!



I76%&XH3/C(:17#ZDU'T(\Y#)/*XK:K/G
MZ



M28[:(&)V8%RN
X.].WZK7FQ')0;8TZ.:9!OCG03+I+/.H)M@\6W&?^LEO^&$


H/F-7$U*C-H91-7L3*#EC5Q]2LS:%
35\TR
M
P`S



MO(=!7EL

WG8A$ZUCPTLO
M9*+%X$47



IGDD[MT^
YC:D;A7_

M?-28BY.X^17
8/Y-XJ99

MF
%$.5PWZTPQ7P[7S6(P1P[Y9C&8&X=\
MLQA

M-2

9@FCOA8#*:&(SX6
M@RGAB(_%8&8X\MIB

]
N*S#9R/Q0R@-C#5

MD[`YIIB^CSRP&


/E-OED,ODYOEG
`
S`9/#A%_+`*H./O9`'%H-OO)`'%H-/O9`'
M%H


RLP;N4&9K`8!X[`8K`F!^X%B\'2'(E;SH'5L-I)XE:N
A7RVF*PY!S.QZK)L=8<SL=B!E!SRS^Q'RQACRPF!&8D<E@Q3'D



M/C/(-XO!WC+(-XO!EC+(-XL9@!F8#';K01Y8949@1B:#C7F0!U89[
^#/+`8


$%!JXL?(,7TQ8^P,052\.\+++/$X
%UG7


M]XN'UZ]/+V\7W_=?

M?W76F/7^Y7!XEW\@4:__.KS^\?9MOW__]/\````__\#`%!+`P04``8````



4VK

9F%&+&^%!7O=VO\^]?#S2U&2M.^HJWH
MV1J_


V`+NJ::;E10'!$


;G#9!B=




M5^5-=J?^?RYPSAY$I%)NO#22?+&LVNRIOH1)Z

MYIO=/[YYIQ$TT:G\=



MDW@!6]W&@W
S^<]_R)M_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`SJ&*[F$)


2YX;6R4FEESXC@7AN^G
M:OX#Q7V#%_9*







G7&2K'



S9(`)G&P.JM/2SG7ZTE:JCZU*VZC!$QW69D&
M;%X7[3A#ER?93O1CTA@OSH`1J6+!!0/P*CTD(#2!S`J`R2@#`&,R@@)*&,`
MHS)!`LH4P*C,D(`R!S`JR2@+`&


M]/6'S=X++BRS@FU933YUK[BQ5@VW46


P*CTDH/0!C


DH`P!C


MT`$PGK
N$E`\`*/20P)*'\H#)`
@0P*B
DH(P!C
H$2A3`*,R0P+*',H





M?BN)R#OI8SVUXL136?Z$/?.]4OQ\I
UE['/13D(W*RYN)_/(XK^EKHS@F#Q)



M/&N)QFJ3HY$M;\3X8:&I-?MAD;.SX/2[;+32*?E(:.A1+.)04QT==77DZ:BG

M\;JH+]90Q
^+L]




KJM8@:5



M``#__P





Q;
\

M+[

5\EX,#G79/L/V/(:S


;!
M
(P2XFV95$^Y'DN\[05+W\C%%ZD42ZB

M'4I\$8'@6Y%[/GS

MC2_(E'B0
`FM+\MI$
[]%YBG[
Z'09MJ
MW0M+M9/&:#QIA4Q.5LC`@FA3/;:)]5TBO4ML^@C+$`328TCW+@BDIPUV&KQE
M!@TA,S8K*YH$YN<X0@2NK8SC.;U+;/H(RQ%\$CV.=*_K*+'#72&3H*-D=,N1
M@X2:L5521&*CXO1M;O=9-D:]-G2O:V-D![!IB?K:R30:!P'P^&UBT9$[QNN

MA4R?*R1P@W@8WK;59290E
'/?@^4)3H65(EQFVD)M(1E!QZ5)1
'MF9%(;V
MGRK8=R+X$-O6MMIYC/1QX[2OH0HRI83?=D!Q4M
#^TK%(:^D5[`]2`:#
7S(
M`NL8?%\-@?TEBLH2\S?(Y2;#$[#8`#PGG/5/,+_;:`7?X%``#__P
`4$L#


5DNZOK\$OQD;[Z1+?3IDQ'I%Z$X

WHHW7=]^LQ%7CCH]LB'

M+5B/RUD_7I`C%(==

MIBOE'C'H2/D'H@/9W$.FPX:E)7?P4*[W0L-OZS*=-D1U(58!`XUH:C=I(];_


M_P



MG`0U8(3I3L^_W[(-F#*








/9QO=+O15%R\:S1
M1W1(+E;-Y.9(*HQ*_A28W4IQV-^
XE#Z9#&]6#73&]-V4AB5GFR



MT-N1A'Y@'AD+`(N`O2R)$

.8
MBYC-B`+U7A[
56**VF/9I2V#W266FUVLLS0VF+ID`%
MS.7\^W7B)1FIM.7TMJ?C3\[L=
\?'NO+]9KV?55VVQL;^[:5MD4[:%J3AO[



$S@0NHH?:DSC#UP5+M.:X7IF
M*#M$Z

(8QYLQ@`UM58R.W
M!9-2%J
#+`MB%IP%W3.)5
KT[E'`O^Z#0.?$J#X3,?/XD4POMT('[:X%C[?
M[EHQF);0B&*RNA#-$)_7
\08=;$C?
MU0K!M(3(DBR!'6*02!,K\%2*WB@0+D$2R7M!`4G^GX6?AI(:!SWN#!M)0'

PS
=F#4Q(-SC49&KBHN-EDLEF3=[`0(
M^HAJ9.
6Q)(HB*J)DGQJEJ(-,J4Y
CDP\;FF21:;/$PYD*C5R%'$^&B0#=
MY(5^M`I];90JR



_1ZQSWMQV$C*N
'/_LG!:0I90HK8QJKR0
/SV7*K4T

QNUMQG?\I!Z7WO(!&82@\'7__AT


`

MF^/&N6Y&B&4-E]3V=

ME6#\1;.-Y



M%;=N*7PL1FQCG9:_(R@]4$62_H%D`#(/?C#=#R912C@A3I:9$;O$P%I+(=

TS
4_$'\A

0WM\@4LS@P7B:#4.XF\%_IP5E)_
KDL:AXQPS/

D9V*.O??6'$

`
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#FJ)9-F0

M:&5E=#0T+GAM;(Q6VXZ;
!!]K]1_0+PW8
(EB9)43:IM*[525?7R[!`GL18P

M^OGP;N%[2M/J2`M1L8W_ERG__?;MF_5-R$=U84Q[$*%2&_^B=;T*`I5?6$G5

*W?Y:*L(<2!%US_M4%]K\Q77\Z5D/100-W/

R<T,0.GTV?Z_\:.^;/QY.DNR<$ZBQ/<.
M3.D';M[UO?RJMC_((B8[&V0J`DR!YJ-'TS3+P=(Q!;PD6JZ74MQ\V`J()6J

M`$1:-E#'D
T\;-D8K\N&N)EVB%A:N4P!^Y[!202E3B0R7FA-KZ0H6PQ2(2;N



L&
]Z-QMEH$:7A:UJ8



M
*5!A^TJ.TA?!`:
M;BCVYP6NG@R.VW`&X),0^OY@+DWM97;[#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`
MXM.M1A\%```[&@``$``(`61O8U!R;W!S+V%P<YX;6P@H@0!**```0``````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
?G0@SV



M&;

`N[X;&YU7WTK
!D\D5MX*9^_6:HOP#$?6
MN:[X\#Q[EE[L2*8R)]?2@L;(K?3VYJK.^ZL4
R6-$CRGEN7DB@HJ
T;2(UG;

5!%A.

MFWI0'H#)@MO*
0/KSAP;R

0$(-K^5$.Y,
MBP.YX1(D%-!YBCD@8JRTF


5(WO+5ZA

7.PZ099@3
T[0;S.NNG9D\$Q1SU%(W&@K!U!JO(!`P59
M@DNW@[@H6##-X7(AP]WYB
J*Z@V@W(`YS=I1J?4#JVU+2%6_?*?]8TU'(]

S^_M
MJ/P_UOFLCD


94H#'X-#?(C##1K'X`:-8W#



M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````````)R1T4K#

M

D'^!1M[8F

MI*O)+@3'*$6Y`R



PK.(J-QK4]8'O7WV3(.XJ^CNK
ME.SMF/0@`J@DOL=.=N?D:7)SNUX27N;%-
WG:3E?%S-6SMCTZJ6BY]9PGX]`
M
PC\FW@&\-[[YY_S3P```/__`P!02P$+0`4``8`````$`N!&V&NH``!
M1```$P``````````````````````6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+`0(M





O


M!@`(````(0$E?=RO`(``.4&```9`````````````````'XD``!X;]W;W)K



RYX;6Q0
M2P$+0`4``8`````$`?R.(E8,``#F!0``&0````````````````!)*@``

MP@(```$'```9``````````````````


&UL4$L!`BT`

``.4*```9`````````````````#8^



M+0`4``8`````$`*$QX




M:&5E=#8X+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`KK$^*0`8``'$=```9````````


M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`0]&4U1@(``$`%```9`````````````````-=F``!X

M(0!E?#6HP`
``


M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`/NDD)]A`@``T`4``!D`````````````````NH0`







&PO=V]R:W-H
M965T<R]S:&5E=#$R,YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`K\]C0`(```'(```




M`/JB`0`4`````````````````'C``!X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;%!+

&PO=V]R:W-H965T
M<R]S:&5E=#$Q,BYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`E8)<QT#``#D0``&@``




2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8````







M%``&``@````A`'5+3'!$`@``V@0``!H`````````````````JW(!`'AL+W=O











O

M``@````A`*I#@Z=A`P``4PH``!D`````````````````MH

M:&5E='



C



M










``!;
P``&0``

M`!0`!@`(````(0#$_9=*Z0H``.8O```9`````````````````




M``````!S
`

M```A``*BE?YJ!P``320``!@`````````````````23

M='





M%``&``@````A`'(;D5^;`@``D@8``!D`````````````````H_(#`'AL+W=O







&PO
M=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#4R+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!W.W+D(@,`
M`!D)```9`````````````````/0[!`!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T-3$N






M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!X?*G\8@(``%P%```9`````````````````'A1!`!X

K3!`L```@P```9`````````````````.19!`!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S
M+W-H965T



YX;6Q02P$+0`4




M=#
X+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#'K8B4%P0````2```9````````````




MIHU$_`



``!$+```9

M`BT`%``&``@````A`.+3K48?!0``.QH``!``````````````````^+@$`&1O

!``!``@``$0``


 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsEmployeeStockOwnershipPlanDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatusDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundingImprovementPlanAndRehabilitationPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansSurcharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_MultiemployerPlansSurchargePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatusDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundingImprovementPlanAndRehabilitationPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansSurcharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ScheduleOfCostRelatedToDefinedContributionPlansTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualExcludingShareBasedPaymentsAndPostretirementBenefitsByTitleOfIndividualAndByTypeOfDeferredCompensationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ScheduleOfDeferredCompensationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMultiemployerPlansTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_MultiemployerPlanContributionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_MinimumNumberOfYearsInInvestmentHorizon'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansEstimatedFutureEmployerContributionsInNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfTransitionObligationsAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ScheduleOfConstructionInProgressInAccountsPayableTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ScheduleOfDepreciationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ScheduleOfAdvertisingExpenseAsPercentageOfNetSalesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WorkersCompensationLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilityForUncertainTaxPositionsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationCashbasedArrangementsLiabilityClassifiedNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfTransitionObligationsAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountToBeAmortizedFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_SummaryOfAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramNumberOfSharesAuthorizedToBeRepurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingNumberOfSharesAuthorizedToBeRepurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilityForUncertainTaxPositionsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilityForUncertainTaxPositionsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_QualifiedManufacturingActivitiesDeductionPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableAndVestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableAndVestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableAndVestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableAndVestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableAndVestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableAndVestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardStockSettledStockAppreciationRightsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_OtherIncomeContinuedDumpingAndSubsidyOffsetAct'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lanc_RestrictedStockGrantedToNumberOfNonemployeeDirectors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'


@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7




S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
M
#5F.#0U
&5E







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


T0B5V]R:W-H


T0B5V]R
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$







M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3&EA8FEL
M:71I97




M($A2968]

#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H
M965T
34N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z

M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4&]S=')E
M=&ER96UE;G1?0F5N969I='

















O4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z

M+U-H965T
C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@

C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@

M(`@/'@Z3F%M93Y';V]D=VEL;%]!;F1?3W1H97)?26YT86YG:6)L95\Q/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3&EA8FEL:71I

M968]
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS

O4VAE970R.2YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E


M;VY?0F5N969I='-?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T



M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G1?0F5N969I='-?5&%B;&5S/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^1&5F:6YE9%]#


O4VAE
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\


M9VYI9FEC86YT7T%C8V]U;G0S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T



#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS
M:&5E='

#I7;W)K
M<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T


M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4W5M


M-#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC


M:&5R7TEN=&%N9VEB;&5?

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R

T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


T0B5V]R:W-H




&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E
M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^26YC;VUE




&-E;%=O<FMS
M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^26YC











O4VAE
M970V

#I.86UE/E-T;V-K0F%S961?0V]M<&5N


M+U-H965T-C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@






O4VAE970V-RYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E




O4VAE970W
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7











M:&5E='


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E



M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


M.#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC






T0B5V]R:W-H
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS

O4VAE970Y
RYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E

M=3




M


O4VAE970Y


#I.


#I.
M86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E
M='
O4VAE970Q




O4VAE970Q
#0N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


M965T



O4VAE970Q



M='
O4VAE970Q

3`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-



M971S+U-H965T


#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX

O4VAE970Q
34N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


M968]
#I.


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-
MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^5F%L=6%T:6]N
M7T%N9%]1=6%L:69Y:6YG7T%C8V]U







M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C`W-#0Y-3E?
3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
&1?

O4VAE970P
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]

]

]




]



]

]



]





T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE




]
'0^)S`P


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





]
T1T97AT/B=
87)G

]



]
T1T





]
T1T97AT/DIU;B`S
P-@D)





#8M
S`\



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^16YT:71Y(%!U8FQI8R!&;&]A=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



]



]
T1T97AT



M

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4




@



C`Q

]

]




3$L-3


C
L
M



#$T
M+20T
S([(#(P
3
M)#
T

]
T1N

]
T1N=6UP/C4V+#
S








M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]

]
T1R974^





M97


RPT









M


]
T1N=6UP/C


C8L




]




]


]





M9VX]


]

]
T1R93X-


M
38U+#$Q



]
M


]


]
T1T



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]





]

]

@;V8@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A
M=&EO;G

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]


X+#8S



M:71I97


T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='







]
M

]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP/C8Y+#`W



]



M


C(L




]



]
T1N


T1T;W`^0V]M
M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97






]

]

L
#4P+#`P
M
!S:&%R97,[(&]U='-T86YD:6YG+6YO;F4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]


#`L
#`P

#$T+3(W+#
S.2PT

M.R`R
#$S+3(W+#
R
RPW




]

]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L
38W+#(Q

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
3
Y
M+#(Q


T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X+#`V

M;G5M/B@X+#
Y





]



]







3X-
MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B

S@V7S0T
M8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E


T0G


^#0H@(`@(`\




]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP/C
L
#4P+#`P



]

M:&%R97





T1T


]
T1N=6UP/C(W+#
S.2PT


C
L-S(Q/'-P



M.5\Q
S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M='


M1#8^

T0R/DIU;BX@
M
S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L



]

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1T97AT




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP-#$L

RPX
#

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]

]
T1N

BPU


M


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



C






M86QI9VX]



]




3@R/'-P





]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D







]
T1N=6UP/C$T
2PR







]


M
3`S+#@V

]
T1N=6UP/CDR+#
T.3QS








T1T;W`^26YC;VUE(&9R;VT@9&ES
M8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G







#QS

]


C8L


]
T1N=6UP/C4L


M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]


]

]
M




]
T1F;CX\+W1D





]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@




N

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


I($EN8V]M92!097(@0V]M;6]N(%-H
M87)E($9R;VT@1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D($]P97)A=&EO;G



]
T1T97AT





]







]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RXU




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RXY.3QS






T1T;W`^0F%S
M:6

]
M

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]







M;VYS(&AA=F4@8F5E;B!E;&EM:6YA=&5D+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*






M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
M
#5F.#0U
&5E

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O




]

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@


#$S/&)R/CPO

]

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]






]



T1T;W`^3F5T




]

S














]
T1R93X-








]







]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




]
T1N=6T^*#(L
C$P*3QS


M


]
T1N=6T^
M*#4L

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@.3`L-C@Y/'-P



M.5\Q
S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E

M;G1E;G0]


]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]




]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@.34L.#`X/'-P







C`L

C`L

BPW





]





]

]
T1P



M

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-#


2PQ

@



]


M;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V+#@X


M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97


]


M
T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='


BPX.30\




]
T1N=6UP/C$S
2PV







M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N='

C0L
30W*3QS


]






]
T1N=6UP/C(U+#8Q




]
T1N=6T^*#$L


]
T1N=6T^*#$L
30W




M/B@R



]
M



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V
#DI/'-P







]



]
T1N=6UP/C
P


]






]
T1N=6T^*#0Y+#0Q








]
T1N=6UP/C$Y
2PV


S(L
C8U/'-P


3$L-3

M-C


M

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4










T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!*=6XN(#,P+`R







@
M870@2G5N+B`S




]



]



T1T;W`^3F5T('!E;G-I;VX@




]
T1N=6T^*#4L


]


]
T1N=6T^*#
X


M9VX]

]



T1T;W`^4'5R8VAA



]
T1N=6T^*#$T
RPP






\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q







]
T1N=6UP/C0T+#`P



T1T;W`^4W1O



]

M+B`S






]
T1R8SX-



]




]



]



M;W-S97
I+!N970@;V8@=&%X(&5F9F5C=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C






]
T1N=6T^*#$W

]
M



]


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V



T1T;W`^


]
T1N=6T^*#@L




T1T;W`^4W1O8VLM8F%S960@


@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S/]T9#X-B`@





T1T;W`^4W1O8VLM8F%S



]



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]


]



^#0H@

M($IU;BX@
S`L(#(P
3



R+#(R



#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

C


S(T+#`P




T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN

]




]
T1N=6UP/C
S






]
T1N

]




]



M
RPQ





T1T;W`^4W1O


@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S




T1T;W`^


@=&%X(&)E;F5F

]


M-RPP



]


]





M86QA;F-E(&%T($IU;BX@
S`L(#(P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M



@870@2G5N+B`S


S
Y+#0R
3QS


]





]

M:60]



M
SXQ
B!-;VYT:'


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S`L(#(P
3(\




T1T;W`^




]
T1R


M+R\O0SHO8C`W-#0Y-3E?
3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
&1?-#`U9C@T-3!E93$V+U=O

O4VAE970P.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]


]



]

]






M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

@;V8@

M96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ






@)B
X
C(P.W=E+8C.#(R,3L@
M)B,X,C(P.W5S+8C.#(R
3L@)B
X



Q-C`[

M)B
Q-C`[

@
M=&\@)B
X
C(P.WEE87(F(S@R





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M;G
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[






N



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I

M9VAT.C$R


N(%-I9VYI9FEC





L


@8V]U;&0@







3!P


M93HQ



2!I


@82!R


M:&5N('-U8V@@;F5G871I=F4@8F%L86YC97

M8VQU9&5D(&EN(&]T:&5R(&%C8W)U960@;&EA8FEL:71I97


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O



3(P)3MP861D:6YG


@:&5A;'1H





M96YT.C







M('1O('1R861E(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@:7
@;6ET:6=A=&5D(&)Y

M964@3F]T92`Q

M=F%B;&4@=VET:!786PM36%R=!3=&]R97
L($EN8RX@86YD($UC3&%N92!#


M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

6QE/3-$;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O<#HV<'@[=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z









N($1U92!T;R!T:&4@





T1F





N




3!P

#`P



M93HQ



#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M;W5N='


Q-C`[



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^)B



3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$N-#4P
M
CDR


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$,XW-SDW


2!C;VQS


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

P
#`P
M


M86X]




P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T


#`P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY#;VYS=')U8W1I;VX@

@:6X@86-C;W5N='



M/3-$




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M/3-$





'!E;G-E
M(&EN(&5A8V@@;V8@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&EN9R!*=6YE)B,Q-C`[,S`Z/]F

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O;G0M
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M9'1H/3-$-3@N
#@Y-C8X-C$U.3@T-#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M-34Q-C4V.3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




R!S='EL


#`P

M



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






P
#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T

C`Q
CPO9F]N







M/3-$


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



@;V8@:6UP86ER


X




@87)E(&YO=!R96-O=F5R86)L92X@26X@=&AA=!I;G-T


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M:6

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

G!X.V9O


38P.S

M(&]V97(@=&AE:7(@=7-E9G5L(&QI=F5S('1O(&=E;F5R86P@86YD(&%D;6EN

M:&4@9G5T=7)E(&5C;VYO;6EC(&)E;F5F:70@;V8@=&AE(')E8V]R9&5D(&=O







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M=7



@
M8V]S='

6QE.FET86QI8SMF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY!8V-R=6%L<R!F;W(@4V5L
M9BU);G-U<F%N8V4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R





3!P=#L^


M






#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$N

M



M.FYO;F4[/C$L
34P+#`P


@


M;F4[/C$L
34P+#`P


@0R!.



#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
BPP
#`L

3!P=#L^


M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





3!P=#L^

3AP



3(P

L('!R;W9I9&5D('1H870@979I



M(&EN8V5N=&EV97

@86YD
M(')E8F%T97








M:6YD96YT.C
F4Z
3!P=#L^5V4@97AP96YS92!A


@82!P97)C

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ





3!P
M=#MW:61T:#HQ

M:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Y(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

V
#8R

38W-R4@

M-S(W
#DU-3$V-38Y



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O






M:'0Z





38P.SPO




P
#`P
M


M86X]



C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT



@82!P



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M






M.C$R




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M+6EN9&5N=#HS



@87)E(&EN8VQU





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







@:7







M;G0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!E;G-E+!D969E<G)E9!T87@@87-S971S(&%N9!L:6%B:6QI=&EE<R!A


X
C$W.W


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ



@=&AA;B!F;W(@9FEN








M870@:6YC;'5D97

@:7
@9&5P96YD96YT('5P






Q-C`[

30\





3!P=#L^
C`Q


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

L('1A




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I











M97


M:6YG('-E8W5R:71I97


@86QL;V-A=&EO

@;65T:&]D





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@




@9F]L

'!X.VQI

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A




T0Q
BXV
3DX.#
P-#`Y
S4V
M-S(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
BXV
3DX.#
P-#`Y
S4V-S(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M
BXV
3DX.#
P-#`Y
S4V-S(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M;&0[/C(P

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG





G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




M



M

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ






M;&4]


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ
#








T1F;VYT+69A



M

'!T.SXY
BPS-#D\


2!C






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



#`P
#`P.W!A








M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^





P
#`P


M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P





M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P





M/3-$







M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z
3AP




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M+6QE9G0Z



T1O
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X.R!R




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





C8T








M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^

M
C


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C










M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ

G!X






'!T.SY3=&]C:RUS971T;&5D('-T;V-K(&%P




M;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
S`\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
M.SXR-RPS

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]











M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

P
#`P





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N





M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD

M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C



3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


N
M


M






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD










M



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





2!C;VQS






3!P=#L^
RXS



M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]














M







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
N

M/3-$

3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
M,T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,XW-SDW

M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

P
#`P



M:'0Z



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@X+#
Y
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
M
#`P








M



M




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$







T1V

M

M

M86X]


M93HQ




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





M










#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L














'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T1F


M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US
M:7IE.C=P=#XH



M


3!P=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH

M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#MF;VYT


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E

M93HQ

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M;W`Z


M





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




M


M

'!T.SXU+#DX
3PO

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N





G!X.R!R







M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


#PO9F]N








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T






#`P


M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXS
S`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M







P
#`P



M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





P
M
#`P





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T
M86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[





M:6

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ







M.#(R


M8V]G;FET:6]N(&]F(')E=F5N=64@=6YD97(@=&AE('!R:6YC:7!L93H@)B
X
M




34L(#(P
38@



M979A;'5A=&EN9R!T:&4@:6UP86-T('1H:7
@05-5('=I;&P@:&%V92!O;B!O


'0O:'1M;#L@





3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S




]
T1R;SX-


3(P






T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M


S`L(#(P
30L




F4Z,3!P=#L^(&EN(&-A<V@N($YE=!P<F]C965D





@;V8@87!P



'!T.SXD-#0N
!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF











T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M




M)B
Q-C`[
S`L(#(P
30L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P





'!T
M.SXD

65A<B!E;F1E9!*=6YE(#
P

M;&4]




C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q




M=6YE(#

M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`N
M
C8Y.3
X-C4P


3X\+W1D





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ




M9G0Z


P
M
#`P





P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY296-E:79A8FQE



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X










6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^-#$L



M





T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY0






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M


3!P


M93HQ

T1V97)T





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R






#`P
#`P





@;V8@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



M93HQ


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL








3!P=#L^-2PT



M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[)R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX+#$Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R







M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
M
#5F.#0U
&5E

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#


]





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY'

M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

T1F

'!T.SXR

M

'0M:6YD96YT.C,R<'@[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[/CQF




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T


3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S

3`P)3MB

30V
3DX.#
P-#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M-S`Y-34Q-C4V.3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P







M





38P.SPO9F]N





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M





G!X





G!X


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





2!C;VQS






3!P=#L^





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#MF;VYT


M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,C`U/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P





3!P=#L^


M



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L






#`P
M



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$U
M-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

P
#`P




M






T1F;VYT+69A





M93HQ












T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E


M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^
3
L

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


3!P=#L^


M





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@W+#@P
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH-BPX-C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




3X\

M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P
M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M(S`P
#`P






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X






P
#`P
#`[

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C4L
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P





'!T.SXV+#
R
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M=#HS




@87
@9F]L;&]W


'!X.VQI;F4M

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U-BXU
S`R
30T


#$U-3DT-30Q.3$P
B4@

M-S(W
#DU-3$V-38Y


#DU-3$V-38Y
B4@


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG

M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M
3



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P










3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY-#4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ




M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HY.2XX
#4P-C@R
M
C8Q


T0Q-2XU-S@Q
C4E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X.R!R





38P



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





G!X


3!P=#L^


M





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXR






3!P=#L^-C`T



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS





2!C



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^






M;&4]





M





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P
M9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

\8G(^

]
T1R93X-

]



3!P=#L^


M


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M861D:6YG/3-$

M;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0V-RXR-3$T-C$Y.#@S

2!C;VQS


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
N.3@T-#`U-#4X

2!C;VQS



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M








T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C







M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXV+#0T
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M/3-$




G!X




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT










G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#4U,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F



T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
2PY

T1V



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

BPP-38\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


L



P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P












M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P







'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


M


M8FEL:71I97
@870@2G5N928C
38P.S






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
N.3@T-#`U-#4X

M/3-$

3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
M,T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,XW-SDW

M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

P
#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T

M=#IB;VQD.SXR


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^
C`Q

M93HQ





M;VTZ



6QE/3-$




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ




M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L








M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M

'!T.SX\9F]N





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT











M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\










M;VTZ



M/3-$




T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/C0L




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



P
#`P




3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



P
#`P

2!C;VQS




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F







M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR
BPR



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L






T1F;VYT+69A


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
M
&5E







]
T1T
M:#Y*=6XN(#







3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY


3(P

Q-C`[

30\




3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXL
M('=E(&AA9!A;B!U;G-E8W5R960@8W)E9&ET(&9A8VEL:71Y(@F(S@R
C`[
M1F%C:6QI='DF(S@R


L('5P('1O(&$@;6%X:6UU;2!O



'!T.SXD

M

'!T.SX@870@86YY






'!I<F5S(&]N(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL










@=6YD97(@

@;&]N








T1F;VYT+69A


M;W)R;W=I;F=S(&]U='-T86YD:6YG('5N9&5R('1H:7
@1F%C:6QI='DN($%T
M($IU;F4F(S$V
#LS

6QE/3-$9F]N


M




3!P=#L^
M

3!P=#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.S




'!T.SXR



N($%T($IU;F4F(S$V
#LS
M



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E

F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE($9A





@=7
@=&\@;6%I;G1A:6X@82!C;VYS


M:7

M87






M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
M
#5F.#0U
&5E

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#





]


3!P=#LG/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





@8F%S960@;VX@


@96YD960@2G5N928C
38P.S
F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
M

M)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^


M


M





3X\

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3(N-#(T.34Q
C8W
#4V-3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M;&0[/C(P

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG





G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




M



M





M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D











38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N








G!X.R!R;W=S






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXT-2PS-3`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V

M93HQ

T1V









G!X.W!A9&1I







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^-PU
C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B






'!T.SXT+#$Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT.PX
C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXT
RPX

M



P
#`P
#`[

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ+#$S
SPO9F]N=#X\





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#L^-2PP
S$\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]








G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M9VAT.C$R

T1F;VYT+69A

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


3!P

M=&@Z.3DN
#(U
S0Q
3
P-C`T

M93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
B!R;W=S


M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

38U
S4T
S


M

#$U-S0X
#

M/3-$


M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

#4U

M/3-$



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q







M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/C$L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F

'!T.SXW.30\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M/3-$



M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ








M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL

3`P)3MB;W)D


#(Y
C
Y-S8V


M
#DU-3$V-38Y


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(N-C0U
M
C(T

Y.38E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$


G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P






G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M








M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^
S4N



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^4W1A=&4@86YD


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA









3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^

M93HQ





M:'0Z8F]L9#L^*#`N












M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\+V9O




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O










M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH




M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$

#`P

M9G0Z



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/C`N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M


3!P=#L^
XS/]F;VYT


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^169F

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^,S0N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




3X\9&EV('-T






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P






3!P=#L^

P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T
M86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

F4Z
3!P

M97
@870@2G5N928C
38P.S



M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^)B


T.#DR-S@W-3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q



M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M.SXR


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M












T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V








T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXD











T1F




2!C









M

'!T.SY%;7!L;WEE





M

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXT+#
W-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M
#`P

2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


P
M
#`P




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L







M
3@L





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





'!T.SXR
2PR-C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P









M




P

'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B






3X\





M;&4]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#MF


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N




P
#`P




M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH-SD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



#`P
#MP

M;VTZ



M




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T






#`P


M



T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I










3X\9&EV

M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY.970@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&QI


P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S


M(&%T($IU;F4F(S$V
#LS
!W97)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W,Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M9VAT.C$R

T1P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W(%)O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

T0V-RXR
M-3$T-C$Y.#@S


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
N.3@T
M-#`U-#4X


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M





G!X



3X\



M









T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z











T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

M9RUT;W`Z


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M=W







T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(N
C
P
#$Y-#DS

S@W


3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,XW
M-SDW



3X\+W1D


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO


T0S


#`P



T1F;VYT+69A

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

#$R


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I
M9VAT.F)O;&0[/C



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






3!P=#L^-38L



M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXS.PW,C8\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN


M(S$V
#LS





#LS



M:7IE9X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
M



I.CPO9F]N

3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I



C4Q-#8Q.3@X
S`T



M


M




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M8F]L9#L^

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I

3X\




3

M





M





2!C







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M.3


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#









M;&4]

'!T.SY!9&1I
M=&EO;G

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^)B
X



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L





T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T




M;VTZ






M







M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\

M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




P
#`P




3!P=#L^*#$U.#PO








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXY-C

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE











M;&4@(S`P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


P
#`P

M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


Q-C`[

30\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@
M87



'!T.SX@



T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M.C




M:71I97


@96YD960@2G5N928C
38P.S


M.SXF(S$V





C8Q
M


M:61T:#TS1#$S+C
Y.38Q
#$S-C0U


M/3-$
3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M,T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,XW-SDW

38U-CDR)2!R;W=S



M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

#$T

P
#`P

G!X


M

C`Q
SPO

'!T.SX\9F]N





M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$










G!X

F4Z
3!P=#L^5V4@:&%D

M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1F;VYT

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M


M=VED=&@Z

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M=&@]

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P





3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY!8V-R=65D(&EN=&5R97-T






M


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^

M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




#$Q+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


G!X

F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE($%M
M97)I8V%N($IO8G
@0W)E871I;VX@06-T('!R;W9I9&5D(&$@=&%X(&1E9'5C





'!T.SXR
M



T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
M
&5E



]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#


L



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@












M

'!T.SX@8V]M;6]N



@:&%V

T1F;VYT


3!P

M:'0Z





M='
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[






M965N('!R979I;W5S;'D@875T:&]R:7IE9X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@


M

3(P
M)3MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS


M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


3
\




3(\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXL

@96UP;&]Y965S('5N9&5R

C`P-2!0;&%N+B!4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A



M





3(@



#DU-3$V-38Y


#`Q
M.30Y
S$W-S


#DU-3$V-38Y


#`Q.30Y
S$W-S



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T


#`P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL


#`P

M

F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^









G!X.R!R




M







M93HQ




M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ
2XX-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3X\



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT




T1V97)T:6-A



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M

M

M86X]


M93HQ



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M

M

M86X]


M93HQ

M




2XY-SPO9F]N=#X\






G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT



M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M







M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B








'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R









3X\9&EV



M/3-$





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^






T1F





@9&5T97)M

M9F]R('1H:7


M97-T:6UA=&4@82!F;W)F96ET=7)E(')A=&4@9F]R(&5A8V@@9W)A;G0@8F%S
6QE/3-$


@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S

@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S






M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1F;VYT

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M


M=VED=&@Z


T0Q
BXP
S4P

3DR.3@R-#4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q
BXP

3DR.3@R-#4E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M=VED=&@]
T0Q
BXR
S`P
3DT.3

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P

M



#`P
M





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$L






T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ
M+#



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^
2PU



M

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M9RUT;W`Z






G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@









3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ+#@U
3PO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z







M








M


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/CDT
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^
C

M93HQ

M+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M

F4Z,3!P=#L^5&AE('1O=&%L(&9A:7(@=F%L=65S(&]F(%-34T%2<R!V97-T
M960@9F]R(&5A8V@@;V8@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($IU;F4F(S$V,#LS,!W
M97)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

#L\+V9O;G0^

M


T0Q/CPO

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(N
#
U
M
#@W-S$Y
CDX


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$,XW-SDW


2!C;VQS


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(N
C
P
#$Y-#DS


2!C;VQS



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

\



2PQ-#4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




3X\9&EV('-T







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ




M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z






M97

M9&5R('1H92`R
#`U(%!L86X@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($IU;F4F(S$V
M
#LS


M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP




M96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I

3`P)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

M/3-$
3


M.3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
N-#4P
CDR
SDW-C8P





3X\


M


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY.=6UB97(F(S$V
#MO9CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^4FEG:'1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T






M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R





M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF







M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E)E;6%I;FEN9SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^0V]N=')A8W1U86P\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC


M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%G9W)E9V%T93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV






M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY686QU93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^





M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]









M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C










M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB
M;VQD.SXH







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





3X\
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C8S+C8X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^1W)A;G1E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$T-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E











G!X









M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I
M9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M:'0Z





38P.SPO




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%T(&5N9!O9B!Y96%R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z












6QE/3-$




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C@T/]F;VYT/CPO







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

#`P

M;VTZ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXV-XV,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(N
C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(L
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P





M


P
#`P







#`P
#MB86-K


M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P


RXU
SPO9F]N=#X\








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I

M(&%T($IU;F4F(S$V
#LS




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T


3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S

3`P)3MB

3


38U-CDR



#DU-3$V-38Y


T0P

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
N-C0U
C(T

Y.38E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M1#$S+C8T-3(R-#$W


3X\

T0Q
RXV-#4R
C0Q-S$U
M


M;W`Z




P
#`P







G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O












M:'0Z



F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




M



M

M.'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^4F%N9V4F(S$V


M;&4]



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

:69E


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B







#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1F;VYT

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



M




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ-#8\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






'!T.SX\9F]N







M/3-$




X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





G!X.R!R




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[/C(P
3

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0W
BXV-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M:'0Z8F]L9#L^

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0W
BXV-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SXR



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0V
RXU



M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A













38P

3!P=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXD-C@N
#@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X











'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q












G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


2XV-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W`Z





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X.W!A









M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


3!P


M93HQ


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M

F4Z,3!P=#L^070@2G5N928C,38P.S,P+`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M

'!T.SXR









'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ










M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^




M:'0Z





M

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
BXP

3DR.3@R-#4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
BXP
M

3DR.3@R-#4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q
BXR
S`P
3DT.3

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@



M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P

M;W1T;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M





M








M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N









3X\9&EV('-T


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$


M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A




G!X







T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O

'!T.SX\9F]N









M;&4]




M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

F4Z
3!P=#L^


@







'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



'!T.SXR
M






'!T.SXR


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E





'!T.SXR




M

@
M;V8@=&AE(#(P
#4@4&QA;BX@5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L92!S=6UM87)I


3(P


#
U
#@W-S$Y




#DU-3$V-38Y


#DU-3$V-38Y
M

M+C(S
#`Q.30Y
S$W-S

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA

M9#L^

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P


3X\9&EV



M/C(P
3



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O








M:'0Z





M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT










3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P















G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q







M



M

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M;&4]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ












F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R







3!P=#L^
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


F4Z
M,3!P=#L^+7EE87(@<&5R:6]D+!A;F0@86QL(&]F('1H97-E('-H87)E<R!A


N



#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXW+#`P

3!P

#`P

#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXX+#`P

@;V8@





M:60@=&AE(')E;&%T960@9&EV:61E;F1S+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T



M:6YD96YT.C
F4Z








M:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M


M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT


2!C;VQS


T0Q)2!R



M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT


2!C;VQS


T0Q)2!R




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M






M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



T1V97)T:6-A



2PT



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X.W!A






'!T.SY487@@8F5N969I='





G!X





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N





'!T.SXT.30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V

M93HQ

T1V









M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS





G!X


M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T






M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^-S$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO





M+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



G!X.W1E

F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE('1O=&%L

F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
M

M)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$N.#0P
34U.30U-#$Y
M


3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M,XW-SDW



3X\

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3(N
#
U
#@W-S$Y
CDX


3X\





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B






M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^.3







T1F;VYT



M;&4]

'!T.SXQ+#@T
M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M






3!P=#L^





M/3-$


P
C$T-#(T
M.34Q





M


M/3-$


M=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R




#`P

G!X

M86X]



#MO9CPO








M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ











T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ







F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY'<F%N=&5D/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SXS



M:'0Z





38P.SPO




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M











M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



#`P
#MP861D:6YG

G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXD


M-S`N-C












T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M



#D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV




M

F4Z
3!P=#L^070@
M2G5N928C
38P.S


M:&5R92!W87

T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
M
#5F.#0U
&5E

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]

]




]
M

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R














G!X.V9O;G0M




L(')E=FEE=R!T


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


4[9F]N=US

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P



M
'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P


M-#8W.#
V
C4W

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q-XS.3DV,3`Q,S8T-3(R-4@


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0R


#`P



T1F;VYT+69A

3


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

M)B
Q-C`[

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V





T1V97)T:6-A

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C0N
#(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







T1F;VYT+69A

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A

M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M;&4]

38P

3(P)3MF






M/3-$

M1#$R+C0U
#(Y
C
Y-S8V


#DU-3$V-38Y


M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(N-C0U
C(T

Y.38E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P
30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P

G!X

F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED





G!X.R!R;W=S









M








M







3X\




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z













M;&4]








3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A

3!P


M93HQ





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M;W1T;VTZ





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


G!X.V9O




M8W1A=&EO;G







@96%R;B!A=!L96%S=!N;VUI;F%L(')E='5R
M;G




3!P=#L^('EE87)S+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M

F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE

M9VAT.C$R

T1F;VYT+69A

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


3!P

M=&@Z






M/3-$

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$R+C8T-3(R-#$W


M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I





M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SYO9B!0;&%N)B
Q-C`[07-S971S)B
Q-C`[870\+V9O;G0^
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

#LS
#PO9F]N


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY!8W1U86PF(S$V
#M097)C96YT86=E
M)B
Q-C`[;V8F(S$V
#M0;&%N)B





M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$T/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





M



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT



M;VTZ



M/3-$


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[



M






M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^17%U:71Y
M('-E8W5R:71I97

T1V97)T



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
M.SXS


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O









3!P=#L^-3$\+V9O





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C
P)2TW


P
#`P
#`[8F%C


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ







T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/C$P
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#MF;VYT




3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O


F4Z
3!P=#L^






M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP




3(P)3MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS
G!X.V9O;G0M



M(&9O;&QO=W




F4Z
3!P=#L^3&5V96P@
R`F(S@R
M
3$[(%5N;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='


M=#HS









T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

@

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M/]T9#X\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,XT-S4V
S
U
C@R-C4Q

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


#(Q
M-#0R-#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

T0Q

T1V97)T

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY*=6YE(#,P
M+`R


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



F4Z
M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DQE=F5L(#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUL

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

CPO9F]N=#X\


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;&4]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L






M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C










3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M8F]L9#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





M/3-$

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY-








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C0V
#PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


X
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M











3X\9&EV('-T



M/3-$





6QE




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


G!X






'!T.SY#;W)P;W)A=&4@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R
3([



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB
M;VQD.SXR+#DR




M










G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(L,3@Q/]F







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R




F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR+#$X,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY-=71U86P@9G5N9'




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


#`\+V9O;G0^



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR

P
#`P


P
M
#`P


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB
M;VQD.SXF(S@R
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P+#0Y
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z






P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O







#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXX+#DR

P
#`P


3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I












#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z
39P




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)B


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



Q-C`[
S`L(#(P
3
\+V9O




P
#`P



M


P
#`P






P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





P
#`P


M






G!X



3X\




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^)B
X
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS,3D\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXT+#(W-3PO





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^,BPT-#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^36]R=&=A9V4@;V)L
M:6=A=&EO;G

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]










G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K




3!P
M=#L^
3@L






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
M




P
#`P


G!X.W!A






'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P









M;&4@(S`P
#`P

G!X

F4Z
3!P=#L^
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[













3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@













M






@9F]R(&ED

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





M97






M87-S=6UP=&EO;G
L(&%T=')I8G5T97
@;V8@=&AE(&-O;&QA=&5R86PL('EI

M(&%N9!Q=6%L:71Y+!A;F0@;W1H97(@;6%R:V5T+7)E;&%T960@9&%T82X\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[9F]N


M=6YE)B
Q-C`[



'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M




T0Q
RXY.#0T
#4T-3@P.#DV-C@E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q
RXY.#0T
#4T-3@P.#DV-C@E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


M.F)O;&0[/C(P

T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D







M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I;VX@870@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE87(\+V9O;G0^




M;VTZ






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1F;VYT


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O






F4Z,3!P=#L^06-T=6%R:6%L(&QO<W,@*&=A:6XI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB
M;VQD.SXR+#(T



M:'0Z





38P.SPO






3X\


T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[/B@R+#(X
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q






'!T.SXH
BPR-#0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M









G!X.W!A9&1I











G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P









#`P

M;VTZ


3!P=#L^
SDL-3$Y

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T





3!P=#MM87)G


M=VED=&@]
T0V-RXR-3$T-C$Y.#@S


M/3-$

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3
N.3@T-#`U-#4X


M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I






G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




@

M;&4]





M





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





'!T.SXS-2PQ

M;&4]




M/3-$





6QE




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
RPS-3(\+V9O


2!C;VQS



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M9#L^)B
X



M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^0F5N969I='



P
#`P




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




#`P


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C


P
#`P


M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M



'!T.SXS-BPR-#

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT




3X\

T0Q
RXY.#0T
M
#4T-3@P.#DV-C@E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q
RXY.#0T
#4T-3@P.#DV-C@E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M



F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P

M;&4]



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\




3

M





M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E)E8V]N8VEL:6%T:6]N(&]F






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\





'!T.SXH
RPR-S8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A

M





'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T1P861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z


30V
3DX.#
P-#$E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=&0@=VED=&@]

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M;&4]


P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



F4Z.'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@
M<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUL969T.C)P








38P




M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V









G!X





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N





'!T.SXQ.#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO


P
M
#`P


P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT





M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M










M=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








M:#HQ

M9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(')O=W-P86X]


M



#DU-3$V-38Y



M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]

C`Q
M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

M9VAT.C$R
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O;G0M
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M=&@]
T0V-RXR-3$T-C$Y.#@S


M

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3
N.3@T-#`U-#4X


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L







M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS





G!X


M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ













T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV


3!P=#L^/&1I

3`P

30V
3DX.#
P-#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O






M:'0Z





38P.SPO



3







M

'!T.SY.970@86-T


T1V97)T


3




G!X


M















#`P

G!X


M



#`P




M





#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


SPO


!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P





3X\9&EV

F4Z,3!P=#L^
M.PX.3<\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A




#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C



3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



M


2!C;VQS




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT









T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXT
M


M




M





M('1H92!C;VUP;VYE;G1S(&]F(&YE=!P97)I;V1I8R!B96YE9FET(&EN8V]M
M92!A=!*=6YE)B
Q-C`[

#L\+V9O

M;&4]


T0Q

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(N
M
C
P
#$Y-#DS



3X\+W1D
M/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,XW-SDW


2!C




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C;VQS


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M





38P.SPO9F]N





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#;VUP;VYE;G1S










38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N





M





38P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H


M:'0Z8F]L9#L^

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


'!T.SX\9F]N




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M/3-$



G!X


M
3!P=#L^
2PY
S

T1V97)T


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




M;VTZ






M











M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH

T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N





M86X]







M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






T0G=F5R=&EC




M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



P
#`P

'!T.SX\9F]N







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD

#`P
#MP





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH

#`P
#MP861D:6YG

G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O













3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




M/3-$



M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M+6EN9&5N=#HS








3!P=#L^

3)P





@87)E(&%S
M(&9O;&QO=W



T0G9F]N

M/3-$

T0Q-BXQ-C0P







M93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#





M



M






T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M+#(U













3X\9&EV





M/3-$




G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M













T1F




2!C






M:'0Z






M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR+#
T-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M;W1T;VTZ




M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L








@


]
T1T:#Y*
M=6XN(#




M;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M



M4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0@0F5N969I='


M9#L^4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0@0F5N969I='

F4Z




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ








T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





@



M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^)B

M-C$U.3@T-#`U-#4X

#0V-S@S-C(U-S
P.3@E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P

M;W1T;VTZ






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





M



'!T.SY$:7-C;W5N=!R871E/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXT+C`R



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



M;&4]

'!T.SXT+C4W



M92UH96EG:'0Z


R











M

3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,XW-SDW

38U





3X\

T0Q
BXX-#`Q-34Y-#4T
M
3DQ
#(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


30\+V9O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

6QE/3-$






M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ














M








M








M










T1F;VYT






M








T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#MF


M;W1T;VTZ




M

'!T.SX\9F]N




M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





M












#`\


M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M;VTZ




#PO




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[




3!P=#MW:61T:#HY
M.2XX
#4P-C@R
C8Q



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30N
#$U-C(U)2!R


3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O
M=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,XW.#$R


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



C`Q-#PO


M;'-P86X]


#`P




M

3
\+V9O






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D-H86YG92!I;B!B96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I;VX\


T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M




M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




BPY
M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^4V5R=FEC92!C


M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXS




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^06-T=6%R:6%L(&=A:6X\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH
S$\+V9O


G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^*#$V,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S



M/3-$





M86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M




M;VTZ



M/3-$

P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P





M


P
#`P







#`P
#MB86-K


M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R


M;&4]

'!T.SXR+#DS

P
#`P
#`[8F%C



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

M;G0Z

'!X.SX\




C4Q-#8Q.3@X
S`T


T0Q)2!R



M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M




3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE












B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H


P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^*#$U-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



@

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A






P
#`P
#`[8F%C

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N









#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ





3!P

M


T0V-RXR-3$T-C$Y.#@S

2!C


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
N.3@T-#`U-#4X

2!C



G!X






M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#MF




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\

P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^*#(L.3

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P




3!P


M93HQ


M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\9&EV('-T
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN92UH




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
#`E.V)O

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(')O=W-P86X]



M/3-$


M
#DU-3$V-38Y




M/3-$

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P




M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@Q-S$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A

M






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,3@W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S

M

'!X.SX\=&%B


!S='EL93TS1=F


C4Q-#8Q.3@X
S`T


T0Q)2!R;W=S



M=VED=&@]




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B











M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^06-C=6UU;&%T960@8F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N/]F



M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR

P
#`P
#`[



'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
M
BPY

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A

M(&9O;&QO=W



T0G9F]N


C8Q



Y.38Q
#$S-C0U
M


3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M,XW-SDW



3X\

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T

M=#IB;VQD.SXR


P
#`P


M








G!X.R!R;W=S





M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q








G!X



M;W1T;VTZ






M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR.38\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


'!T.SX\9F]N


#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B@U

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


G!X.V9O


@:6X@86-C=6UU;&%T960@;W1H

M960@87



M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[9F]N

'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I






X
C@Q
C4E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


#$U


G!X








F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M;VTZ





M;W1T;VTZ










M;VTZ






G!X.W!A9&1I







P
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M

P
#`P




#`P









T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T.W=I9'1H
M.CDY+C@P-3`V.#(R-C$R




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M-S@Q
C4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D



M


M;'-P86X]


#`P




M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M.'!T.SXR


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#;VUP;VYE;G1S(&]F(&YE








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







3!P=#L^
S$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$S
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT









T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY!

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M






2!C








G!X.R!R





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





P
#`P





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



P
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




M
3!P=#L^

M
#`P

2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E




'!T.SXD


M(&%M;W5N='

3

M;&4]

'!T.SX@86YD


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXL('1H870@87)E('!R97-E






'!T.SX@


M
3!P=#L^


M9&5N=#HS


M='

@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
Z





3X\+W1D


2!C



M/3-$





M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







M;&4]

'!T.SXR
#$U




F4Z
3!P=#L^


G!X



3X\




M




3!P=#L^




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




G!X


'!T.SX\9F]N




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

C`R-#PO9F]N=#X\




M


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z






M97


M

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S



M87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0V(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


#4P-C@R


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M8F]L9#L^

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[









M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS











M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B






M




M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M;W1T;VTZ








M/3-$







3!P=#L^


M



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXR









3!P=#L^
C`R
3PO







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V










M;&4]

'!T.SY(96%L
M=&@@8V%R92!C;W-T('1R96YD(')A=&4@87-S=6UE9!F;W(@;F5X=!F:7-C



T1F;VYT




M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^

'!T.SX\9F]N




M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I










M/3-$





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A




F4Z
3!P=#L^
C`R
3PO9F]N=#X\






3!P=#L^


M



M;VEN=!C:&%N9V4@:6X@87-S=6UE9!H96%L=&@@8V%R92!C;W-T('1R96YD






C(T



3X\

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
34N



3X\





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ



T1F;VYT



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^




G!X






M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M





#LS

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N





'!T.SXQ-S@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V

M93HQ

T1V



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


M=%]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]


3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


M;G1R:6)U=&EO;B!!;F0@3W1H97(@16UP;&]Y964@4&QA;G



T1T;W`^



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ





3!P
M=#MW:61T:#HQ

M:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3X\

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$N-#4P
M
CDR


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$,XW-SDW


2!C;VQS


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$N-C0U
C(T

Y.38E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P

M



#`P
M





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





T1V





G!X


M








'!T.SXW
C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ






G!X.W1E

F4Z
3!P=#L^0V5R=&%I;B!O




M;WEE97














@82!W


M=#HS



M=6YE)B
Q-C`[


M;&4]

'!T.SX@:7
@

@

X
C(P.T5)
M3B8C.#(R
3LI(&%N9!T:&4@4&QA;B!.=6UB97(@*8C.#(R
#M03B8C.#(R
M



M;G


@*'EE;&QO=R!Z;VYE(&]R(&]R


M4]24!S=&%T=7

M;B`H)B
X

3!P=#L^
C`Q


3!P=#L^
C`Q




'!T.SXR


3!P=#L^(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G
N








38U-CDR)2!R



M=&0@=VED=&@]

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.XS.#(P-C8R-S8X,#,Q,3DE
M(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,XW
M-SDW



3X\+W1D

#DU-3$V-38Y
M

C8S
34W.#DT-S
V.#
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-2XR
3(T-S4V
S
U
C@R
M-C4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U+C(Q
C0W-38S


#DU-3$V-38Y
M

M

S-3(X


3X\+W1D
M/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,XW-SDW


2!C



#DU-3$V-38Y

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W



P
#`P





F4Z.'!T.SY096YS:6]N(%!R;W1E8W1I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^




M:'0Z





38P.SPO






M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1F;VYT







G!X








M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^14E.+U!./]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC




P
#`P


G!X.W!A





G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^4&5N9&EN9R`O/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B





M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL







G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




M8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SXQ
B\S
2\Q






M/3-$




M+S



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[













M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





G!X.R!R;W=S





'!T.SX\9F]N





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.R@Q*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-\S
\R,#$V/]F;VYT




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\









38P


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





G!X.R!R;W=S



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#`P




M:'0Z8F]L9#L^



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I











38P




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^3F\\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



B\Q-2\R


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





M:'0Z





38P.SPO




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


P
#`P
#`[8F%C


P
#`P





P
#`P






P
#`P






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]





M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


M/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1F

38P.SPO9F]N

3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I







T0Q
BXP
M

3DR.3@R-#4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q
BXP

3DR.3@R-#4E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
BXR
S`P
3DT.3

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P

M;&4]



M
#`P





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M






3X\

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M+6QE9G0Z


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O





'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




F4Z,3!P=#L^5V4@;V9F97(@82!D969E<G)E9!C;VUP96YS871I





M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M(S$V
#LS

'!X

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3

C$P


3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M,XW-SDW



3X\

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR

P
#`P


M(')O=W-P86X]



C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C0L






T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXS
M+#DV


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R




@87


M




T0Q



M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D


2!C


T0Q



M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D


2!C


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P


3X\9&EV



M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N



M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






3





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M



'!T.SXQ

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C








M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]












3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'






]
T1R;SX-


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



'!T.SX\9F]N



@;V8@;VYE('EE87(@8V]V

@9&%T97
@=&AR;W5G




'!T.SYN

M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^/&9O


M/B8C

M



#8X
C(V


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(')O=W-P86X]

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q




3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^
C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M/3-$






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




38\+V9O





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^
C`Q









M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V97)T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^











T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A










M/3-$


3(P)3MP861D


F4Z
M




M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^)B

M1#4V+C$T
#
U
#@W-S$Y



#DU-3$V
M-38Y



#DU-3$V-38Y


#`Q.30Y
S$W
M-S

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



C`Q-#PO9F]N


M86X]


#`P




T1F

3
\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ











3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SY-:6YI;75M(')E;G1A;'

M;&4]





M








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


3!P=#L^


M












3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY#;VYT:6YG96YT(')E;G1A;'
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXX-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M

'!T.SXQ+#`Y
SPO




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





P
#`P







G!X.W!A9&1I







P
#`P



M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H

M
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z














3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV+#`U-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


3
X
M-E\T-&)C7SED

O4VAE970R






M;F=E;F-I97



]




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I
M9VAT.F)O;&0[/D-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97

M96YT.C


3!P=#L^26X@861D:71I;VX@=&\@




'!T.SXR






M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M96YT.C






'!T.SXR

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






@87)E('-A=&ES9F%C

M9!3=6)S:61Y($]F9G-E=!!8W0@;V8@
C`P








3!P=#L^)#`N
2!M:6QL







#`P

M;VYE.SXD

T1F;VYT+69A


3!P=#L^
M


3!P=#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N



3!P=#L^
C`Q


M;VT@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@:6X@=&AE($-O;G-O;&ED871E
M9!3=&%T96UE;G1S(&]F($EN8V]M92X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M9R!A;F0@;6%R:V5T:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@=&\@86X@=6YA9F9I;&EA=&5D

N($-U

@:&%S(&%D=FES960@869F96-T960@9&]M97-T:6

M('1H870@:70@:7

@86YD(&-A


S@V7S0T8F-?.60P
M9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E




CX\



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




M;&4]



T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

G!X.V9O







M+6EN9&5N=#HS






M;F0@96=G(&YO;V1L97




L(&9R
M;WIE;B!P87-T82!A;F0@96=G(&YO;V1L97

M('!R;V1U8W1S(&]F('1H:7




G!X

F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M9VAT.C$R

T1P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W(%)O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M
C0Q-S$U
SDY-C$P
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


#DU-3$V-38Y
B4@

Y
M.38Q
#$S-C0U


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$,XW-SDW


2!C;VQS


M



#`P
M






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M





M;W`Z


M





M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SXS-3DL




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
M



'!T.SXS-C0L




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[











2PP-#$L
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N







M93HQ






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY.#@L.3,W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






@87!P;&EC86)L92!T;R!T:&]S92!C;&]S960@
M=6YI='




M+6EN9&5N=#HS










T0Q
RXS.3DV
3`Q


M/3-$


M=&@]



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
N
SDY-C$P
3
V
M-#4R
C0E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


30\+V9O




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

6QE/3-$






M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






G!X.R!R





38P



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY.
M970@4V%L97

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




#`P




M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ+#`T



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]











3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ






T1V97)T







M




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





G!X.R!R;W=S



M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ










3!P=#L^

#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM


3X\9&EV('-T



G!X






'!T.SY#;W)P;W)A=&4@17AP96YS97
\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG










M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,3`L,CDW/]F;VYT


#`P





3!P


M93HQ


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^5&]T86P\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD

#`P
#MP





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ-3
L-S8W

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS<'@@9&]U8FQE



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P




3!P=#L^


M

#`P
M





3!P=#L^
30Q+#$X
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

2!C;VQS






M:'0Z





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY)9&5N=&EF

C`E

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SXT

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


G!X.R!R;W=S




M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


W
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]


M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^,C,S+#(Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#L^
30X+#@Y
CPO9F]N






M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^,C$R+#8V,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M








M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXV
S@L-C

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXV

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P



M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXV.#(L-C

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD


3X\9&EV

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[

M:6=H=#HQ

Q-C`[*#
I/]S=7`^/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


M;W1T;VTZ






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M






3X\





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


#PO



F4Z,3!P=#L^0V]R<&]R871E/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]


M93HQ


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT







M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$U+#8T-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X

























G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ.PW.#4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M


G!X







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


P
#`P


G!X






M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P








#`P
#MB86-K9W)O


3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N


M

'!T.SXQ-RPV


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



P
#`P
#`[8F%C


3!P=#L^)B




M
6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N=US





2!C




M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



'!T.SXH

M



@86QL;V-A=&5D('1O

L('!R97!A


M



M9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M-G!X.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


M(&9O;&QO=W

M:'0Z






T0P



M9'1H.C$P


T0V.2XR
#`W-SDW



M.#8Y


#DU-3$V-38Y







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P





3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A


@=&\@36-



M93HQ



3@V

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.V)A

M
#`P



M




P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^07
@82!P



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\





M



M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9&5N=#HS



@96YD:6YG($IU
M;F4F(S$V
#LS
!W97)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W,Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

S@U.38T
M.3$R

M:#TS1#$R+C8Q.3@X
S`T
#DS-38W


#DU-3$V-38Y


S`T
M
#DS-38W


#DU-3$V-38Y







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P





3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P

G!X







M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$W-2PS.#@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ










T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$V














M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M

M

M86X]


M93HQ





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P
M


T0V.2XR
#`W-SDW



#DW-#8U.#@V.3
Y
M-38E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR

P
#`P


M(')O=W-P86X]



C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^




@82!P97)C96YT86=E(&]F(&-O;G-O;&ED


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE
M+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M870@2G5N928C
38P.S

M960@86-C;W5N='









M-C4V.3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
30N


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS





M



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC


M








M





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z









'0O:'1M;#L@



M9SY396QE8W1E9!1=6%R=&5R;'D@1FEN86YC:6%L($1A=&$\8G(^/]S=')O

M

S`L(#(P


]


'0^)SQD:78@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ5&EM97


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M=&$@*%5N875D:71E9D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1F;VYT

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M


M=VED=&@Z



3
V-#4R
M

M=&@]





M


#DU-3$V
M-38Y

M1#@N
3
V-#4R

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D


2!C

3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#@N,3,V-#4R,C0Q-S$U-4@

M-S(W
#DU-3$V-38Y


2!C;VQS



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M





G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



T1F;VYT

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]



M



#`P
M



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B






3X\

3!P=#L^


M

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





2!C








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(Y
BPR.#$\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





G!X.R!R



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ







M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$L
#0Q+#`W-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

F4Z,3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY'<F]S<R!-87)G:6X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


G!X


M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A




G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY);F-O
M;64@1G)O;2!#;VYT:6YU:6YG($]P97)A=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





G!X.R!R





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E


M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^

3

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M





2!C





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXD


M








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I







M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH
CDL

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\






M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH
C8L

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\





M;VTZ






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

SDL
C
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O





M9RUT;W`Z








F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH,3`L,S<V/]F;VYT




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E



M







T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[/C(Q+#









38P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^-S0L.3@V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C









M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1I;'5T960@26YC;VUE(A,;W-S*2!097(@0V]M;6]N
M(%-H87)E(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C`N.#@\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





G!X



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ







M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





3X\

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





2!C;VQS








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T








M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH
2XP-SPO9F]N



M;W1T;VTZ






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^,XP



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B





M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@P+CDU/]F




M/3-$







G!X.R!R







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




M;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@P+C




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]





M


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


G!X.R!R







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z



T1O
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)B

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B


T0S('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q




3!P=#L^)B


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z



T1O
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)B

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A








M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

P
#`P







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C








G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^
C`Q




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C










M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M





38P.SPO9F]N







M/3-$






2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-#@L.#@Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


BPV
S0\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V












'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M

'!T.SXR-#4L
3DP









T1F;VYT








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


@





3!P=#L^-C$L
3(Q




M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXW



3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\




M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-#0L-S`W/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M;W1T;VTZ










3!P=#L^
C8L
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N





'!T.SXR

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





2!C



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M










M



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS+#@P-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N






M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ





'!T.SXU+#



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



T1F;VYT+69A




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@









3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







3!P=#L^
3`Y+#(T.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




M

M9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH



'!T.SXZ



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M/3-$



G!X


M
3!P=#L^



M:'0Z





38P.SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S




M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C`N.3




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D($]P97)A=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C`Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z







M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ










3!P=#L^
2XR.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N
M;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D
M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P
F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQT86)L92!C96QL<&%D9&EN




M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE


M/3-$


3(P

3!P=#L^1&EL=71E


M='
3X-CPO
M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B

S@V7S0T8F-?
M.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E

T0G=&5X




M



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'









T1T;W`^
M5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%N9!1=6%L:69Y:6YG($%C8V]U;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY*=6YE)B
Q
M-C`[
S`L(#(P



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B`\+V9O


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M

'!T.SX\9&EV('-T
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN92UH




3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#IA


M-#(N

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\




C4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



3(U)2!R



M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI







M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M

F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#;VQU;6X@0SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




M;&4]

7!X



T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D)A
M;&%N8V4@870@0F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F(%EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M


M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E




'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D)A;&%N


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X








M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0S('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^













M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






3!P=#L^

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E







G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P






#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P






P
#`P




M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






3!P=#L^

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R







P
#`P


3X\

P
#`P


M


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P



M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O


W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P


3!P=#L^.38\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


M93HQ

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P






'!T.SXT

M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N
M;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D
M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M/3-$

3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N












]


]

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@


]


]






M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M9VAT.C$R



M

'!T.SY4:&4@86-C


M.#(R


C$[(&]R('1H92`F(S@R

C$[

@86YD(&%C8V]U;G1S(&AA=F4@



38P.S$@86YD(&5N9'
@;VX@2G5N928C
M
38P.S


#MY96%R)B
X


30\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@




M93HQ
'!T.SXR


3!P=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\











T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





S`L(#(P
30L('=E('-O;&0@969F96-T:79E;'D@86QL(&]F('1H




@
M9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G


M=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G





39P








F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE('!R97!A

M='


X
C(P.T=!05`F(S@R
C$[*2!R

M:&5S92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@:6YC;'5D
M92!A;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4L

M;&EV97
@9F]R('1H92!C86QC=6QA=&EO;B!O9B!D97!R96-I871I;VX@86YD
M(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;BP@:6UP86ER;65N='




]

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F



3(P



N




]
T1P

6QE.FET86QI8SMF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SY296-E:79A8FQE<R!A;F0@=&AE($%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@1&]U
M8G1F=6P@06-C;W5N=',\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M:6



M9VX]








T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M







M;V8@0F5R:W-H:7)E($AA=&AA=V%Y+!);F,N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


]



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS










]



T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



'!T.SX\9F]N









'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


3!P=#L^('EE87)S







M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



@87)E(')E8V]V97)A8FQE(&)Y(&-O







]






3!P=#L^1V]O9'=I;&P@:7






M86YD(&]T:&5R(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S('=H96X@979E;G1S(&]R(&-I










M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M;&4]

'!T.SY687)I






]



M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M




M;W(@8V5R=&%I;B!C;&%I;7







X



F4Z
M

3!P=#MC

#`P



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^-S4P+#`P


F
M(S$V



#`P

M
2XP

M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
2PQ-3`L

M

M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
2PQ-3`L

3!P






M


3!P=#L^
2PT
C8L

M

M

'!T.SXR





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T











]
T1R;SX-

]




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


]
T1T



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M









M:6]N(%!L86YS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I


3(P)3MP861D
F4Z
M

M:RU87-E9!%;7!L;WEE92!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@4&QA;G


F4Z
3!P=#L^5V4@













@86YD('1H92!P97)M86YE;G0@

@;V8@:71E;7



M871E;65N='



M92!I;B!O=7(@=&%X(')E='5R;BP@86YD('-O;64@9&EF9F5R96YC97
@87)E

@;VX@9&5F97)R

@:7



65A<G,@96YD960@2G5N928C
M,38P.S,P+`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]


'!T.SXR

3!P=#L^(&]R(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

3




M;F1E;G0Z


T1F;VYT






M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M96YT.C






@:6X@=&AE(&9U='5R






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O


M

#M%4%
F
M(S@R




I(&]U='-T

@87)E(&-O












T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(&EN8VQU9&5S(&-H86YG97
@:6X@97%U:71Y('1H




'0O:'1M



]


]


]

]





3(P)3MP









@870@2G5N928C
38P.S

@

'!X

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT





M


M





3X\


M


M





3X\


M86X]


#`P




T1F

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M.SXR


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





T1V97)T:6-A






M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M



M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




M=#HS



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$N-#4P
CDR

2!C;VQS

3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,XW-SDW

38U-CDR)2!R



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$N-#4P
CDR
SDW-C8P.#$W)2!R




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC


M=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ-RPT



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M



M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\


]
M



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

G!X.V9O;G0M








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T


3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S

3`P)3MB

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

V
#8R

38W-R4@

M-S(W
#DU-3$V-38Y


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(N
M
C4U


3X\+W1D





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




G!X







G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




2!C;VQS












'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


]

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1P861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M-30N-3@P.#DV-C@V


3X\

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3(N-C$Y.#@S
#0P.3


3X\
M+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,XW-SDW


M


M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

P
#`P


M(')O=W-P86X]




P
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\


M


#`P



T1F;VYT








M

'!T.SY);F-O;64@
M9G)O;2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9#L^
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^
3`S+#@V
#PO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^.3(L


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]


M93HQ


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P







'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\+V9O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M


M
#`P




3X\9&EV


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





'!T.SXH
!S

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M





M



'!T.SY);F-O;64@9G)O;2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@




W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P





3X\9&EV

P
#`P





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$P



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


3!P=#L^)B



M




38P.SPO9F]N

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X











M

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY);F-R96UE;G1A;!S:&%R92!E9F9E8W0@9G)O;3H\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/C


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N







M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


P
M
#`P





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^5V5I9VAT





M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




'!T.SX\9F]N




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R


G!X.W!A


T1T



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R


M;&4]

'!T.SXR-RPR

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








3!P=#MF;VYT






T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXS



M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXS+C


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P


M93HQ

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




]



M96YT.C


3!P=#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

@=&AE(&%M
M;W5N='












3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#IA=71O


T0V.2XR
M
#`W-SDW




#DU-3$V-38Y
B4@



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$T/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ







3!P


M93HQ




M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M

M
#`P


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L











3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY$






M





38P.SPO9F]N


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R;W=S











6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^-2PQ-C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO




3!P









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH
2D\

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXH





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M9FET(%!L86X@271E;7



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$





M*#$I/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




M






B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M:'0Z













38P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0R('-T


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C4R-#PO9F]N

7!X('-O





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R





M:'0Z









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,BPR,3`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^






T1F;VYT



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^3W1H97(@



S



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

M

P
#`P

2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I

G!X.V)O


M93HQ

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^*#@L

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M3F]T97


M/5].97AT4&%R=%]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E
M









]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H961U
M;&4@3V8@07-S971S($%N9!


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M




C`Q

M:71I97





M

T0X-RXW
S`P
M-C$S-#DV.3

M=VED=&@]





M/3-$

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L

PF(S$V,#L\
M8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SXF(S$V,#LR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



M;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
!S;VQI



P
#`P


3X\9&EV

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M4F5C96EV86)L97



M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY/








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




P
#`P


M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M









M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]









M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


F4Z
M,3!P=#L^5&]T86P@87-S971S(&]F(&1I<V-O;G1I;G5E9!O<&5R871I;VYS

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C(Q


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^06-C;W5N='
@














'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







T1F

'!T.SXR+#8X-3PO9F]N




P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M




M(S`P
#`P

M

M
#`P




M97AT4&%R=%]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E
38-







]





]





F5S(&]U<B!I9&5N=&EF:6%B;&4@;W1H97(@:6YT
M86YG:6)L92!A<W-E=',L(&%L;!I;F-L=61E9!I;B!T:&4@4W!E8VEA;'1Y
M($9O;V1S('-E9VUE;G0L(&%T($IU;F4F(S$V,#LS,#H\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^




M:'0Z






M
30V
3DX.#
P-#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

M;VTZ



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

#$S


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







3!P=#L^





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T


M(S`P
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXI




#`P

M9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,C`U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P


M



T1F




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#`P



M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$U-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]







M

7!X('-O






@*#$R

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




3
L
M









T1F








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^06-C=6UU



T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/B@W+#@P
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





'!T.SXH-BPX-C

M;&4]

7!X











#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L









P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



#`P
#MP861D:6YG





M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A



2!C




P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/C4L
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
M
#`P

2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXV+#
R
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

M:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'-P86X^

M9'5L92!/9B!!;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@17AP96YS93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M97


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



@96YD:6YG($IU;F4F(S$V
#LS





M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL

3`P)3MB;W)D




M/3-$

T0Q)2!R;W=S



M=VED=&@]





M/3-$

T0Q)2!R;W=S



M=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^


T0S('-T


#`P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M;&4]






M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXY-#4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






3X\9&EV






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N
M;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D


M=&EZ871I;VX@97AP96YS92!F;W(@96%C:!O9B!T:&4@;F5X=!F:79E('EE
F4Z.7!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HY.2XX
#4P-C@R
C8Q
C`X-24[


T0Q-2XU-S@Q
C4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT










M;&4]








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^







M;&4]

'!T.SXR
#$W




F4Z


G!X



3X\




M




6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T





;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
M
&5E



]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]



]
T1R93X-

]

M8W)U960@3&EA8FEL:71I97


M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X.W1E

M



M93HQ
'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

T0V-RXR-3$T-C$Y.#@S
#0Q



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
N.3@T-#`U-#4X
#@Y-C8X









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ





M:'0Z






G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M





M93HQ



M;'-P86X]






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXV+#0T
#PO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\









G!X



3X\
&5S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M




B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








3!P


M93HQ







6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
2PY

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F


P
#`P


BPP-38\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T


L


F4Z,3!P=#L^
M5&]T86P@86-C<G5E9!L:6%B:6QI=&EE<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P











W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



3X\
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C,Q+#$V-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


2!C;VQS


M;VYC=7)R96YT($QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

M:'0Z






Q-C`[
S`@=V5R92!C;VUP;W-E9!O9CH\+V9O;G0^/]D
M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP




M96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I

3`P)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P


M+C(U
30V
3DX.#
P-#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@



M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P

M;W1T;VTZ






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M





T1V97)T:6-A














38P









M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
2!R97-E<G9E/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SXY-C

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXY
M



3PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$



G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(L.30V/]F







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^

M;&4]







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^4&]S=')E=&ER96UE


G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(L-C`X/]F






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXS+#DV
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS+#`U-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R









3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(R+#(P.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



M/3-$








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B

S@V7S0T
M8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W


M5&%X97


]



]


M:6YD96YT.C
F4Z
3!P=#L^5&%X97
@8F%S960@


@96YD960@2G5N928C
38P.S
F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T





3!P=#MW:61T
M:#HQ

M9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3X\+W1D/CPO


M/3-$


M=&@]





M

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3(N-#(T.34Q
C8W
#4V-3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


M.F)O;&0[/C(P

T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




M;VTZ



M/3-$





M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





G!X





38P.SPO








G!X.R!R





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N





'!T.SXT-2PS-3`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M




3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





'!T.SXT+#$Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D








M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT.PX
C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXT
RPX

M;&4]




P
#`P
M

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXQ+#$S
SPO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^-2PP
S$\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]


#`P
#MP861D:6YG





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P







]








M87)S(&5N9&EN9R!*=6YE)B
Q-C`[


3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I



S$T.38P-C(Y.3(E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M

34W-#@P
S$T.34E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



34W-#@P
M
S$T.34E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

6QE/3-$
#MP861D:6YG+71O


G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M.'!T.SXR


P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^
C`Q

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1V97)T


2PP
C`\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M/3-$



M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


M;&4]

M;W`Z


'!T.SX\9F]N


@96YD960@2G5N928C
38P.S

@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN

M:'0Z



V.#0R
3`U

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(N-#4P
CDR
SDW


3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$,XW-SDW



M


M/3-$


M=&@]
T0Q
BXV-#4R
C0Q-S$U


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A

M




3

T1V97)T


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D











M

Q-C`[)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





2!C;VQS




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#LE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ




M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M15-/4!D:79I9&5N9!D961U8W1I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH
XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D





3X\






3X\



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^*#`N




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


M












3!P=#L^*#
N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M

P
#`P


M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^


#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXP+C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P







'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C
38P









G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P







'!T.SXF(S$V


]

]


3!P=#LG/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





@870@2G5N928C
38P.S


M



T.#DR-S@W-3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M-3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG



F4Z.'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@
M<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUL969T.C)P








38P





M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#MF;VYT


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


3!P=#L^


M












3!P


M93HQ




M


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXT+#
W-3PO9F]N





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

P
#`P

M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A




3@L



M:'0Z





38P.SPO




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXR
2PR-C8\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M













3!P


M93HQ



M:'0Z8F]L9#L^*#(Q+#



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





M








G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH-SD\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M





#`P




3!P


M93HQ



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS








#`P





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M


M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C








M;&4]

'!T.SY.970@

P
#`P




M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@W+#0R-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





]




M





@870@2G5N928C
38P
M.S



M



M

T0Q
RXY
M.#0T
#4T-3@P.#DV-C@E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q
RXY.#0T
#4T-3@P.#DV-C@E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@



M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P

M;W1T;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



G!X


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ
M
2PS


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$




M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3!P=#L^


M

M=&%X97


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





3X\
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/CDL-C@X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]






]

M;&4]

M;W`Z


'!T.SX\9F]N



Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(N
C
P
#$Y-#DS

S@W)2!R


3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O
M=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,XW-SDW
M



3X\+W1D/CQT


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^


T0S('-T


#`P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[/C
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





3!P=#L^-38L.3DR




M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXS.PW,C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



]

S)P




'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('-E
M='

@=&%X(&-O;G1I

M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV


3!P=#L^/&1I

3`P

30V
3DX.#
P-#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^0F%L86YC92P@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

3!P


M93HQ


M





38P

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXV-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


F4Z,3!P
M=#L^4F5D=6-T:6]N<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M

M

M86X]


M93HQ




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F





G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N





M





38P





M8F]L9#L^

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXX-CPO

F4Z,3!P=#L^4F5D=6-T:6]N<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C





3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@U-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^*#$L



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



P
#`P

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E







G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P





'!T.SXY
3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



]





M93HQ

M97
@87

M;G0Z

'!X.SX\




3X\+W1D

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
N
SDY-C$P
M
3
V-#4R
C0E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

T0Q
RXU.30U-#$Y
3`S
S$S.#
E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL


#`P

M

F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^







T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI


]



Q-C`[
S`@87
@

'!X

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0Q
RXR
#0V-S@S-C(U-S
P
M.3@E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
RXS.3DV
3`Q


2!C


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P


3X\9&EV



M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N

M96YA;'1I97


M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C
Y
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^


M97AT4&%R=%]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E
38-



M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H





]



]


M96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1F

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

3




3(\+V9O


M93HQ

@96UP;&]Y

C`P-2!0;&%N+B!4:&4@9F]L



M92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A

3`P)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L





#DU-3$V
M-38Y

M1#$R+C(S
#`Q.30Y
S$W-S


#DU-3$V-38Y


#`Q.30Y
S$W
M-S

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



C`Q-#PO9F]N


M86X]


#`P




T1F

3
\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ










B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV











3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ
2XX-#PO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



2!C;VQS




M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT








M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


SPO







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT









2XY



M;W`Z


M





M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


3$\


M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B







T1F;VYT






M:'0Z









M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C,N,3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
BXW-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





M97


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




M/3-$

T0Q)2!R;W=S



M=VED=&@]





M/3-$

T0Q)2!R;W=S



M=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^


T0S('-T


#`P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M;&4]


2PP


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N

M







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#4Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY487@@8F5N969I='
\



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C,X,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T1F

'!T.SXT-C$\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\









3X\




G!X.R!R;W=S









T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M







M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M/3-$






T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXR




@5F5S
M=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O


F4Z
3!P=#L^

M8V@@;V8@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($IU;F4F(S$V
#LS

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P
M

M='(^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-38N
30P


M


M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(N
#
U
#@W-S$Y
CDX

M

3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,XW-SDW

38U



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

P
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT

M;VQD.SXR


P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^
C`Q

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P


3X\9&EV



M/C(P

T1V





3!P


M93HQ



M









T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]





M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ+#$P-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL




'!T.SXR


3!P=#L^.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^)B

M-#4X


3X\+W1D/CQT


2!C;VQS


T0Q)2!R



M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$N-#4P
CDR

2!C



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T







M





38P.SPO9F]N






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M;&4]

M



M;&4]



T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T




M;&4]

M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY);G1R:6YS:6



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




T1V97)T:6-A




F4Z
3!P=#L^


G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ





'!T.SXV-BXT



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R




G!X


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#MF

N-C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T


38\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M







M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXV.XS,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C

P
#`P









6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M






G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P




6QE/3-$)W9E



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^,BXR,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z






P
#`P
#`[


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



P
#`P


M9#L^

#`P
M

2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXU+#DY
3PO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R





M


M2G5N928C
38P.S



M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
N-C0U
M
C(T

Y.38E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

34S.3DV)2!R



M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
RXV-#4R
C0Q-S$U




2!C



#DU-3$V-38Y

T1V97)T:6-A



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C





R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M



F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ



T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B






#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M;VQD.SY286YG928C


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

M=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY.=6UB97(\+V9O;G0^/]D







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED






F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/EEE87)S/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

7!X('-O




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ



T1T97AT+6%L


T1F;VYT+69A

C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X





M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




M:'0Z





38P.SPO

3!P=#MF;VYT



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0X.2XQ-CPO




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M9#L^
C`Q






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXX-3PO









G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




G!X




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/C(P

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

CPO9F]N













M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ








G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0V.XP.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXS-3PO9F]N












G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\









G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I



M



M







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXD



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C



C`Q






M/3-$




3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X








G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV




M
3






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




]



]
M

@4F5C;W)D960\



M;&4]

'!T.SY4:&4@




M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X

M;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

30P

M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(N
#
U
#@W-S$Y
M
CDX


3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$,XW-SDW



M

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR

P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P





3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY#;VUP96YS871I;VX@97AP96YS







M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


C0S



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS






M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^
3


G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M





'!T.SXW


M86QI9VX]




G!X.W1E

F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE('1O=&%L

F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
M

M)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$N.#0P
34U.30U-#$Y
M


3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M,XW-SDW



3X\

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3(N
#
U
#@W-S$Y
CDX


3X\





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B






M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^.3







T1F;VYT



M;&4]

'!T.SXQ+#@T
M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B








M=&EV:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S


3(P)3MP861D:6YG


F4Z
3!P


M=&AE(#(P
#4@4&QA;B!F;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@2G5N928C
38P.S
P

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0W
M(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30N.34Y
M
#8T
S(W-#@U


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M


38P



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

M97)A9V4F(S$V


T1F




M










M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D=R86YT960\+V9O



M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M;&4]


#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`P
#`P.W!A














T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O





3!P=#L^


M

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXW.2XP.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


]


M9VX]

]
T1T97AT



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M







Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(N
#
U
#@W-S$Y
CDX
C0U)2!R


3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O
M=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,XW-SDW
M



3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(N
C
P
M
#$Y-#DS



3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B




G!X





38P.SPO


R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

R!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C0Y



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT




M

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


G!X


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXV-2XY-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'-P86X^





M87)D(%M





3(P)3MP861D


F4Z
M


3!P=#L^

M
3!P=#L^
C`Q

3!P=#L^
C`Q
CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


@;V8@
M=&AE(#(P



'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO


T0P



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M-C4V.3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$





R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P

G!X



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



P
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\


M;'-P86X]




M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L









M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I









G!X



3X\

M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
M.SXR+#$Y



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




F4Z


G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ












M;VTZ



6QE/3-$


M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
















3X\








]




]



]



M;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


T1T;W`^1&ES8V]U;G0@4F%T


'!T





M;G0Z

'!X.SX\




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30N

M



3X\+W1D/CQT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$,XW-SDW



M/3-$

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

P
#`P
#`[


M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR

P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






@


M:&5I9VAT.C$R





M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^)B


V.#0R
3`U

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(N-#4P
CDR

M

3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,XW-SDW

38U





3X\

T0Q
BXV-#4R
C0Q-S$U
M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



C`Q-#PO9F]N


M86X]


#`P




T1F

3
\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







G!X





M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




3!P=#L^


M

#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






3X\




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





]

M871I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S


3(P)3MP861D:6YG


F4Z
3!P

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1F

38P.SPO9F]N

3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I









2!C


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C



G!X




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB
M;VQD.SY487)G970F(S$V,#M097)C96YT86=E/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SYO9B!0;&%N)B
Q-C`[07-S971S)B
Q-C`[870\
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

#LS
M

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]



#M097)C
M96YT86=E)B
Q-C`[;V8F(S$V
#M0;&%N)B


G!X.W!A9&1I






G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


M;&0[/C(P

T1V97)T:6-A


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT



M;W1T;VTZ






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M17%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SXS


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^





M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C
P
M)2TW


P
#`P
M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


F4Z

M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I
M9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$P
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P








M









T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1P861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

S
U
C@R-C4Q

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


#(Q-#0R
M-#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1V97)T:6-A


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY*=6YE(#,P+`R
M


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



F4Z.'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DQE=F5L(#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\
M=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUL969T

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M





M




M+6QE9G0Z


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M










3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





M

M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^







M;&4]

'!T.SY-;VYE








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C0V
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






X
C$R



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M8F]L9#L^)B
X









38P

M93HQ




M/3-$








M





6QE/3-$




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB
M;VQD.SXF(S@R


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X.W!A






'!T.SY#;W)P;W)A=&4@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
M.SXR+#DR




G!X










G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(L,3@Q/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R


F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR+#$X,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY-
M=71U86P@9G5N9'




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SXR

P
#`P


P
#`P
M

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
M.SXF(S@R






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P+#0Y
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M






P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M









M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

#`P

M;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXX+#DR

P
#`P


3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z






P
#`P
#`[


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT








M93HQ



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






M1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



Q-C`[
S`L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^




P
#`P



G!X


P
#`P






P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ





P
#`P


G!X


6QE



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV




M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS






M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS,3D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXT+#(W-3PO9F]N




M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^,BPT-#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^36]R=&=A9V4@;V)L:6=A
M=&EO;G

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M





M





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O




3!P=#L^
M
3@L



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I







P
#`P




M




M(S`P
#`P





3!P=#L^
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N














3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]









T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@3V8@0VAA;F=E($EN($)E;F5F

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O



T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X

M;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

T0V-RXR-3$T-C$Y.#@S
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
N.3@T-#`U-#4X
#@Y









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$T/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ











M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^0VAA;F=E(&EN(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;CPO9F]N











38P





M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^0F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N
M(&%T(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



G!X





M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^-#0L

M93HQ




T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]






BPR-#$\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH-PQ.#@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^






T1F;VYT



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^0F5N969I='
@

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P
#`P












T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$




P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ








3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P
#`[


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


Y+#4Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P


M/3-$




@3F5W


M9VAT.C$R



T0Q
RXY.#0T
#4T-3@P.#DV-C@E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q
RXY.#0T
#4T-3@P.#DV-C@E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ


30\




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A

3


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





S8L
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A








B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3!P=#L^


M



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L






M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB


T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P



T1V97)T:6-A

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^,S@L-S(U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

V+#(T
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P








]
T1T



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M

'!T.SX\9&EV('-T
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN92UH




3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#IA


T0V
M-RXR-3$T-C$Y.#@S


3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
N
M.3@T-#`U-#4X


3X\+W1D





M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$T/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P









#`P

M;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^*#
L
M
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP

M;VTZ



M



]

]
M



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

'!T.SX\9&EV
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN




3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F


M
T0V-RXR-3$T-C$Y.#@S


3X\

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3
N.3@T-#`U-#4X


3X\





M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B

M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$T/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L








G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





M






G!X


M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXT
S@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V

M93HQ

T1V









M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS







T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/B@R+#DT-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





'!T.SXH

M;&4]

7!X











#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



#`P
#MP861D:6YG




3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH
BPU
#@\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M:'0Z








M93HQ

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P









]



M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ





3!P

M


T0V-RXR-3$T-C$Y.#@S

2!C


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
N.3@T-#`U-#4X

2!C



G!X






M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#MF













'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P





M






]
M

@3V8@5&AE


S)P




'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE(&1I


38P.S




T0G9F]N


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
N.3@T-#`U-#4X
#@Y


3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M,XW-SDW



3X\

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR

P
#`P


M(')O=W-P86X]



C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^



\



S@L





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

3!P


M93HQ

T1V








M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




S4L
C(T









T1F;VYT









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'-P86X^/]S



M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^




M:'0Z






M
30V
3DX.#
P-#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

M;VTZ



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P
3


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A







\+V9O;G0^





3






M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I








M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A







W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


]
M


@17AP96-T960@5&\@0F4@4F5C;V=N:7IE


]



T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ


M=W





3X\


M


T0Q)2!R;W=S



T1F;VYT

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M



'!T.SXT

T1V







M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D-O;7!O;F5N='

M26YC;VUE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S


3(P)3MP861D:6YG


F4Z
3!P

M;G1S(&]F(&YE=!P97)I;V1I8R!B96YE9FET(&EN8V]M92!A=!*=6YE)B
Q
M-C`[






T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(N
C
P
#$Y-#DS

M


3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M,XW-SDW



3X\


M.3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D


M


#`P



T1F;VYT

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#;VUP;VYE;G1S(&]F(&YE=!P97)I
M;V1I8R!B96YE9FET(&EN8V]M93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS





G!X.R!R










M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D











38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




2PW




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M/3-$




3!P=#L^
2PY
S
\



F4Z,3!P=#L^17AP96-T960@<F5T=7)N(&]N('!L86X@87-S971S/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




G!X.R!R;W=S






B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,BPS.#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^





M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXH
BPS


M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

F%T:6]N(&]F('5N<F5C;V=N:7IE9!N970@;&]S<SPO


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^
S4U



M93HQ



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M


M;&4]


M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH

#`P








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\+V9O;G0^








M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




3X\9&EV('-T




M87)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O


F4Z
3!P=#L^

M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1F;VYT

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M


M=VED=&@Z.3DN.#`U
#8X
C(V

M87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(')O
M=W-P86X]

T0Q








M+6QE9G0Z



T1O
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)B


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^











T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A



38\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\






F4Z,3!P=#L^,BPR-3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^
C`Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M/3-$






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




3@\+V9O





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^
C`Q









M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

C`@+2`R



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N




M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F
M.#0U
&5E





]




]

]





]

]
T1T



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M

F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE

@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN

M96EG:'0Z




#0V-S@S
M-C(U-S
P.3@E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

T1V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F



G!X.W!A


3!P




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]








M96EG:'0Z









#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C





2!C

3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,XW-SDW

38U-CDR



M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

T0Q
BXX-#`Q-34Y-#4T
3DQ
M
#(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M









38P



30\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ








3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ





M:'0Z








G!X







G!X







2!C










T1F;VYT+69A






3!P


M93HQ






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#MF;VYT


M;VTZ




#PO






G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





G!X











#`\+V9O


G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M




#PO9F]N

T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@3V8@0VAA;F=E

@3F5W


M9VAT.C$R

T1P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W(%)O

'!T.W=I9'1H.CDY+C@P-3`V.#(R-C$R
#@U)3MB

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

34V
C4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30N

M



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED





G!X.R!R;W=S




M;F=E(&EN(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





G!X


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXS


F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXS,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




M;W1T;VTZ





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


SPO9F]N






3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@S,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^*#$V





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV('-T



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^-34\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^0F5N969I='
@


M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






G!X




P
#`P



M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB

#`P
M

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z










]

M

T1P861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z


30V
3DX.#
P-#$E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=&0@=VED=&@]

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M;&4]


P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



F4Z.'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@
M<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUL969T.C)P








38P


R!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M





M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG














3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X







M:6)U=&EO;G

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB
M;VQD.SXU



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]





M;&4]

7!X



#`P




M





#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY&86ER('9A;'5E
M(&]F('!L86X@87-S971S(&%T(&5N9!O9B!Y96%R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD


3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P



M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O


3X\


M8VEL:6%T:6]N($]F($9U;F1E9!3=&%T=7,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]



T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T





3!P=#MM87)G


M=VED=&@]
T0V-RXR-3$T-C$Y.#@S


M/3-$

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3
N.3@T-#`U-#4X


M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I






G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P


G!X



T1F;VYT


#`P




M
3!P=#L^*#(L.3

M(S`P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


]


]



T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M;VQL87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0X(')O=W-P86X]



3X\


#DU-3$V
M-38Y




3X\


M86X]


#`P




T1F

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



T1V



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@Q-S$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



2!C;VQS








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,3@W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


F4Z,3!P=#L^3F]N8W5R<F5N=!A8V-R=65D(&)E;F5F:70@;&EA

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N


]

T0G

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O


M=&\[=VED=&@Z

30V
3DX.#
P-#$E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M=VED=&@]

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M


P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ






M:'0Z





38P.SPO






M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^









M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R





M/3-$=&]P/D%M;W5N='
@4F5C;V=N:7IE9!);B!!8V-U;75L871E9!/=&AE







'!T.SY!;6]U;G1S(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@86-C=6UU

#LS
M

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


4[9F]N=US

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P



M
'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P


T0Q)2!R



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
N-3DT-30Q.3$P
S
Q
S@S)2!R




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z










M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R


M.'!T.SXR


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H



M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^
M*#<X-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L






T1F;VYT+69A






3!P


M93HQ





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/B@Q

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P
M




P
#`P
#`[8F%C

#`P
M

2!C;VQS



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



P
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







M93HQ

@:6X@86-C=6UU;&%T960@;W1H97(@8V]M

@




'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO


T0P



M='(^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#(N-C$W


X
C@Q
C4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




G!X.W!A9&1I










G!X




M











G!X









M




P
#`P





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


SPO9F]N

P
#`P




#`P










]


M96EG:'0Z





3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L92!S=6UM

38P.S
P.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^)B


C4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


C4E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M;&4]



M
#`P



F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,30\+V9O;G0^/]D


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



2!C;VQS








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL















3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT







M



'0M86QI


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
M.SXQ


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXQ
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ


M






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^0W5R=&%I;&UE;G0@8F5N969I=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M8F]L9#L^*#$V

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A



M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I






M/3-$







M







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS





#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


P
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#MF

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ








G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




#`P

M











#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E






T1F;VYT+69A


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



P
#`P





M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






3!P=#L^
3

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C







@17-T:6UA=&5D($9O



M







Q

M
T0X
BXT
C$X-S4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$





M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@



3!P=#L^)B


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^
C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\




M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M







T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




3@\






M/3-$





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F

'!T.SXQ-S8\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^
C`R



2!C



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^




]





T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X

M;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M


M=VED=&@Z

3X\+W1D

#@S


#DU-3$V-38Y


M



#`P
M






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY(96%L=&@@8V%R






3X\





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







T1F;VYT+69A






M:'0Z






3!P


M93HQ



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M;&4]




T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q




3!P=#L^)B


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z



T1O
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B









M





G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P





G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT










M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T







M





T1V97)T:6-A




F4Z
3!P=#L^
C`R
3PO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




]

M92U0;VEN=!#:&%N9V4@:6X@07-S=6UE9!(96%L=&@@0V%R92!#;W-T(%1R
M96YD(%)A=&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I


3(P)3MP861D


F4Z
M



3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I


M/3-$-C0N-3(R-#$W
34S.3DV


T.#DR-S@W-3(T


M


M




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$M4&5R8V5N=&%G92U0;VEN=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\











3!P=#L^-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N


M;W1T;VTZ










3!P=#L^






M9RUT;W`Z









G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




]
T1T



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'








T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@3V8@
M0V]S='

T0G


F4Z



Z







T0Q


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M=VED=&@]
T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
2XV-#4R
M
C0Q-S$U

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC

C`Q

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P




M;&4]

3
\




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P



6QE


F4Z,3!P=#L^
M0V]S=',@<F5L871E9!T;R!D969I;F5D(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;B!P;&%N<SPO

M/3-$








G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




F4Z






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



38P.S
P.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^)B

M
S(U-3
V
#8R
S@E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

M;VTZ



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

#$S


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

T1V97)T


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

2!C;VQS







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B


@3F5W(%)O


M.C$R
4[=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY$


@96YD:6YG($IU;F4F(S$V
#LS

4[9F]N=US




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

3`P)3MB;W)D97(M



34Y.#0T


#(Y
C
Y-S8V


#DU
M-3$V-38Y

M:#TS1#$Q+C0U
#(Y
C
Y-S8V


#DU-3$V-38Y


#(Y
C
Y
M-S8V

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



C`Q-#PO


M;'-P86X]


#`P




M

3
\+V9O




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

6QE/3-$




G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,3@\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M








T1T;W`^/'-T




T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@

@3F5W


M9VAT.C$R

T1P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W(%)O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

38N
M-38Y

3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


S8X
M

#
Q
3DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M1#@N
S@R
#8V



3X\

T0Q
XU,C8S,34W.#DT
M-S,V.#,E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$,XW-SDW



M


M-C4V.3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$



3X\


M


M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

S
Y
3@Q

M


M
T0Y+C


3X\


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC



M92!3=&%T=7

T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^














#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



P
#`P


G!X.W!A





G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P





F4Z.'!T.SY&25`O4E`@4W1A='5S/]F;VYT/CPO


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M9#L^

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T

C`Q
SPO9F]N


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


6QE

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E






@



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



S0M
#DP-#0Q.2TP
#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B








M9#L^
2PS

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


2PS



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M



2PS

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

M-C$T-3`T-RTP

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^1W)E96X\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SXQ
B\S
2\Q
CPO9F]N=#X\



M9RUT;W`Z





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$


M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-#$V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]



M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

@






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M





38P.SPO9F]N











38P
















'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P





3X\


#`P
#MB

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P





3X\9&EV


#`P
#MB86-K



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M;&4]

38P


M:6YG/3-$



M86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ












]



T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^




M:'0Z





M

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
BXP

3DR.3@R-#4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
BXP
M

3DR.3@R-#4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q
BXR
S`P
3DT.3

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@



M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P

M;W1T;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M





M






M






M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N






M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B

S@V7S0T
M8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E




T1T97AT

M:7

]



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#



]

M


F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

@

'!T.W=I9'1H.CDY+C@P-3`V.#(R-C$R
M

C4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X.R!R


M=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


34\+V9O




G!X.R!R



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXR



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXR



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


'!T.SX\9F]N





3D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#,Q,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I











M;&QO=W






T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(N
#
U
#@W-S$Y
CDX
M


3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M,XW-SDW



3X\

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3(N
C
P
#$Y-#DS



3X\





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D











38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







3!P=#L^-PW.#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M



G!X.W!A


3!P

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$






G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C@V/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#,W-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








G!X







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXU+#DU.#PO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M;VTZ


3!P=#L^-2PY.34\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


#4W

#`P
#MB86-K


M








]



M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^4V5G;65N=!.970@4V%L97




M




38P.S
P.CPO9F]N

3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I


M:#TS1#4R+C(T

Y.38Q


M


M-C4V.3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$


#DU-3$V-38Y


Y.38Q
#$S-C0U
M









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$T/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA







M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D











38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N








G!X.R!R



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ










3!P=#L^-C0Y+#0T-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV


G!X








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M


M;&4]


M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^,S4Y+#(P,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E








G!X









'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$L
#0Q+#`W-3PO

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ+#`Q
RPX
#
\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






M93HQ


]
T1R93X-





M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M

38P.SPO

3(P)3MF;VYT









M+C
Y.38Q
#$S-C0U


3X\+W1D
M/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,XW-SDW


2!C




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M






3

M



#`P
M





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z



T1O
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)B

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B


T0S('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q




3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/C$L
#0Q+#`W-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$




M;&4]

'!T.SXQ+#`Q
M
RPX
#

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N


















M:'0Z





38P.SPO




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M





M





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

38U+#
X
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


2PT-SD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT

'!T.SX\9F]N




M
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





M









P
#`P
M

M

7!X('-O










#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L






P
#`P




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



3X\9&EV('-T









38P

P
#`P


M



T1F


#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
34S+#DR

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXQ-#$L

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O


3!P

M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH
BD\+W-U


T1V



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V





2!C;VQS








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C0P-2PT
38\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\









3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1F;VYT

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A















'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O



P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR
S
L
C$T


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M







M





38P.SPO9F]N




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR










3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/C8S.PV

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N







3!P


M93HQ

M
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[







M




M(S`P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

BPV

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

@



M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P
M=#XF(S$V
#LH

M;CTS1#



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



3X\9&EV('-T







M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


T
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^
34L






M

'!T.SY#;W)P;W)A

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^









38P



T1F

'!T.SXT
C8\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M









M8F]L9#L^

M(S`P
#`P

M






M





38P.SPO9F]N

P
#`P


G!X.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXR

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[







M




M(S`P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

P
#`P





M/3-$


M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY$97!R96-I871I;VX@86YD($%M;W)T




M;&4]


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T1V



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







G!X



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M/3-$



'!T.SX\9F]N



'!T.SX\9F]N


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXW
M-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M



M
6QE/3-$)W9E




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#MF;VYT


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



M




6QE/3-$=&5X=UA


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

M97


M
T1W:61T:#HT


3X\+W1D/CQT



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M









!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O




N



N






4[9F]N=US






M

3!P=#L^1FEN




]




@5&\@36%J;W(@0W5S=&]M
M97)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O


F4Z
3!P=#L^




M;G0Z

'!X.SX\



M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-CDN

#DU-3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^3F5T('-A;&5S('1O($UC3&%N93PO9F]N

P
#`P

2!C








G!X




M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ

'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXE


]

]




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W1E

F4Z
3!P=#L^06-C;W5N='
@

86YE(&%T($IU;F4F(S$V
M
#LS

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(')O
M=W-P86X]

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M-C4X.#8Y

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC

C`Q

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P




M;&4]

3
\

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T









3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ
SPO








]

]


]
M



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

X

M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M





3!P=#MW
M:61T:#HQ

M.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3X\+W1D

T0Q
BXV
3DX.#
P
M-#`Y
S4V-S(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

T0Q
BXV
3DX.#
P-#`Y
S4V-S(E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M=&@]
T0Q
BXX
30X
30X
30X
30X
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P

T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




2!C;VQS









T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-C`L,38W/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M/3-$





M86X]






3!P=#L^

M;&4]







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^










T0P(&-E;&QS



M


3X\+W1D/CQT


2!C;VQS





M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P

M;W1T;VTZ






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^06-C;W5N='








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V







3!P=#L^




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B

M
S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E

V



M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


I/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#




M;G0Z

'!X.SX\





T0T-2XX

T0Q)2!R;W=S




#DU-3$V-38Y


3
V-#4R


M


M



#DU-3$V-38Y


3
V-#4R

T0Q)2!R



M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


P
#`P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M



T1F




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY&;W5R=&@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
6QE
#MP861D


M





38P.SPO9F]N





M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY.970@
M4V%L97


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





3X\
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(T.PQ


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M





2!C


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


G!X.R!R







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/C(T

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




M;W1T;VTZ





M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P












T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T











T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9#L^


G!X.R!R







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/C(T+#`U



M





38P.SPO9F]N




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

G!X


M

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





2!C








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P+#DP
3PO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY);F-O;64@

I(&9R;VT@1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D($]P97)A=&EO;G


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


BPQ
M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N

M










3X\


M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
M.SXT


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$










M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M;VTZ







M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I
M9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(T+#@P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH
3`L



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V




M






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#MF




;W-S*2!097(@0V]M;6]N


C`E.V9O;G0M
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
M.SXZ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0S('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;'-P86X]




M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#M#;VYT:6YU:6YG($]P97)A=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



G!X







T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/C$N

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




M;W1T;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3X\

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C`N-S8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V

M93HQ



2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C,N-CD\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[1&ES
M8V]N=&EN=65D($]P97)A=&EO;G

M;&4]



M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C`N

M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
















'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



XP,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E








M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$



Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B






G!X.R!R



M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ







M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@P+C,X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C`N-S@\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





G!X.R!R



M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)B


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




3!P=#L^)B



M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L


P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ




F4Z.'!T.SY1=6%R=&5R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

7!X



M





R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A





T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T




F4Z,3!P=#L^,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ








G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





G!X





38P.SPO



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






M93HQ




M


3!P


M93HQ


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



G!X





M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


#$S+#@P
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXW,BPP-#8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY);F-O;64@1G)O;2!#;VYT:6YU:6YG($]P97)A=&EO;G
\+V9O






M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C
Q+#0W



M





38P.SPO9F]N




M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,PW
S
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M




3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


RPX-C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT







F4Z


G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ








M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^
2PQ

T1V97)T:6-A














38P









3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU+#,X.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^3F5T($EN8V]M



G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-BPV-C(\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M/3-$



G!X


M
3!P=#L^
S4L

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



3!P=#L^


M

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


T0S

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z







M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ










3!P=#L^
RXW.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M










T1F;VYT



M;&4]

'!T.SXP+C`T




M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R


G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;&4]

'!T.SXP+C@P









T1F;VYT



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M




3!P=#L^
RXY.3PO9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





6QE







M0SHO8C`W-#0Y-3E?
3
X-E\T-&)C7SED

M:&5E='
O4VAE970S-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@



S`L
M(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S
M

]
T1T:#Y.;W8N
M(#

M;BX@
S`L(#(P



M1'1H/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P



M=&@^2G5N+B`S


S`L(#(P
30\8G(^0G5I;&1I

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P









]



]




]
T1T






M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG



]

@875T:&]R:7IE9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



]






]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



]
T1T



]

]

BPP
#`L
#`P/'-P86X^


]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#(V+#`P
M

]
T1T




3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
&1?-#`U9C@T-3!E93$V#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(P-S0T.34Y7S$S.#9?-#1B

S@N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$







SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P



]
M






MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
&1?-#`U9C@T-3!E93$V
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(P-S0T.34Y7S$S.#9?

SDN:'1M












M/3-$
SXQ
B!-;VYT:'


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S`L(#(P
M




]









]
M




]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S














]




M:6-I97




]


S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@


]


C`Q


CY*=6XN(#
P

M86X]
T0R/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S






]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG





M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

W+#$S

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
C0L


M




]
T1N=6UP/B0@






M9VX]




]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D



M

]
T1N=6T^*#

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

]



]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`P+#@Q



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@.3(L



]
T1T



]



]




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

S




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]




]








]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]
T1N=6UP/C



T1T

M;B!S:&%R97
I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]



]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M1&YU;7`^







]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]










]



]



]
T1T97AT



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

]



M








]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A



I('!E




M-#DU.5\Q
S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E


M(&-O;G1E;G0]




3(@36]N=&AS

T0R/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P
30\8G(^

M+B`S

]
T1T:#Y*
M=6XN(#




]

]



]

]


]






]
T1F;CX\


T1T;W`^5&]T86P@

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#(Q





]
T1N=6UP/C
S

]
T1N=6UP/C
L



@870@96YD(&]F('!E






]





]
T1F;CX\

]












]
T1N



M9VX]
T1T;W`^4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0@0F5N969I='





]


]





M

]
T1N=6UP/C$V


]



@*&=A:6XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




]


]








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B
M

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E
38O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]





]

T0S/C$R($UO;G1H



C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^




]




]

M;G

]
T1T97AT



]

C4L-C`P+#`P
M





]
T1P


]




]


#`L


]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C@Y+#0P

]
T1N=6UP/C$T
BPT
#`L





#`L
#`P*3QS

#`L






]
M



M*$1E=&%I;'


S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S











]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#`V


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV96YT
M;W)Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^/]S








]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#8R


]



]





T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='


]
T1N=6UP/C4L-#
Q/'-P

M8V-R=65D(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

M1&YU;7`^




3
X-E\T
M-&)C7SED

O4VAE970T-2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M


M/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#


]










]






]
M
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S`L(#(P
3


M07-S971S(%M



]













]
T1N=6UP/C
W


]






]


]











M
3
L

M1&YU;7`^
3
L


]






]

M96QA=&EO;G-H:7!S(@Q,B!4;R`Q-2U996%R($QI9F4I(%M-96UB97)=/]T







T1T;W`^1FEN:71E
M+6QI=F5D(&]T:&5R(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S('5S969U;!L:69E/]T




]


]




3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
&1?-#`U9C@T
M-3!E93$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(P-S0T.34Y




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\





]


C`Q-#QB

#$S

]
T1R


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP.#







]

T1)1#!%4$-!0SX-B`@(`@




]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#


]



34\+W1D/@T*



]

]


]


#$Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L






]


M87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#





]





]


]




T1T;W`^36%R:V5T:6YG/]T9#X-B`@







M(&%C8W)U960@;&EA8FEL:71I97


BPV

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*







]




I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S



]
T1N=6UP/C0L

RPY-C





T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;W1H


C(L

C
L

M96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

T1T;W`^4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0@0F5N969I='
@





'0O:'1M



]

M


#$T/&)R

]
T1R93X-



]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
3(P+#`P


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(P




]


]




]



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

]


]





M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C`W-#0Y-3E?
3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
M

O4VAE970U
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


T0Q/C$R($UO

M

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@
C`Q


]


3(L



]


]



]


M-C
L









'0O:'1M;#L@


]

L('5N


C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\




]





]








]

2PQ
S


3QS



BPR.3



M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C`W-#0Y-3E?
3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
&1?-#`U9C@T-3!E


M;G0]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]




C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP



M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C`W-#0Y-3E?
3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
M

O4VAE970U-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





C`Q

]
T1P



S4N

S4N

S4N






M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C(P








]
T1N=6UP
M/C`N

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^169F96-T:79E(')A=&4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP/C






]

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P

M
S`L(#(P
3


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


C`\



3`L

3$L
38Q/'-P



]
T1N=6UP/C0L




M9VX]




M1&YU;3XH
C$L


]




]

]


M=%]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E




M240P139!04

;V-A;!);F-O;64@5&%X97,I(A$971A

]
M
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S`L(#(P
3


]
T1T






]





M-#DU.5\Q
S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E






M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M04


I(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I


M/3-$
SXQ
B!-;VYT:'


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S`L(#(P
M


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!P87EM





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E
38O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


@*%)E8V]N8VEL:6%T:6]N($]F




C`Q
M

]


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PY



M86QI9VX]


]
T1N





]



T1T
M;W`^4V5T=&QE;65N='



3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
&1?
M-#`U9C@T-3!E93$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(P


M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



M;F0@4&5N86QT:65S(%)E8V]G;FEZ960I(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R


M
CXQ
B!-;VYT:'


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#





T1T;W`^17AP96YS92`H8F5N969I


]
T1N=6T^

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
&1?-#`U9C@T-3!E93$V#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(P-S0T.34Y7S$S.#9?-#1B8U\Y




^


M1$E$


@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I

C`Q

]



]













]

T1)1#!%


M92D@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S`L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^9&ER96-T;W(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S



]



]






2XW/'-P



]




]

]




]


]




]






BXU/'-P86X^


]
M

65A<G



]

3
L
#`P/'-P86X^


]
M

]



]






]
T1N=6UP/C@L

M;V8@;F]N96UP;&]Y964@9&ER96-T;W)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



]


]




M9VX]

]
T1T97AT



]

M1&YU;7`^-BPP


RPP




]

]


]
T1R:#X-





M;7`^
BPP
#`L



]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]




T1T;W`^36%X





M0SHO8C`W-#0Y-3E?
3
X-E\T-&)C7SED

M:&5E='
O4VAE970V
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

M;B!2:6=H='

@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P

M
S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N
M+B`S


T1T

]




]


]



]



]





]



]
T1N=6UP/C`N
M
S

M;7`^

]


]
T1N=6UP/C(N


BXQ



C(N
S4E/'-P

C
N
M
C

M;7`^
C0N



]

M(#$@;6]N=&@@
3

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
M
&5E


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


I(A54T0@)D\8G(^

T0S


#$T/&)R/CPO

C`Q
CQB

]








]
M



]
T1R:#X-


]






]




M


]



]
T1N=6UP/C$L



@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D












]




M8VEA=&EO;B!2:6=H='

]



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@



]




]





M
3
X-E\T-&)C7SED

O4VAE970V


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@



]




]


L

]


]
T1N=6T^*#$U
M


M





]
T1T97AT








]
T1T













]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C



]


]











]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S8N



]



@-B!M;VYT:'
@
C8@9&%Y


]





]
T1P











]
T1N=6UP


]





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E
38O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]








M1'1H/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

M86QI9VX]






@
M-B!M;VYT:'
@


]




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

&5R8VES92!0<FEC93PO

]


M
#$T(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]





]

]








]







3



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S(N






]


:69E/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG



M9VX]



]





]

]


M3G5M8F5R($]U='-T86YD:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]

:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&5X=#XG







]
M


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D5X97)C:7-A8FQE+!796EG:'1E9!!=F5R86=E($5X97)C



]


]







]




]




]


]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP




C`Q


]


]




]



]

]









]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D5X97)C:7-A8FQE+!796EG:'1E9!!=F5R86=E($5X



]







]
T1P


T1T;W`^3W5T




M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#DN






]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C@N


S@V7S0T8F-?
M.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

M16UP;&]Y964@4F5S=')I8W1E9!3=&]C:R!;365M8F5R72P@55-$(0I/&)R




C`Q

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^16UP;&]Y964@4F5S=')I8W1E9!3=&]C:R!;365M

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M

]


]
M



M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F
M.#0U
&5E











]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S








]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#DP/'-P


]

M


3
X
M-E\T-&)C7SED

O4VAE970W







]




]




]



]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M


M1&YU;7`^






]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#$Q/'-P

2PR
M-#










M+R\O0SHO8C`W-#0Y-3E?
3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
&1?-#`U9C@T-3!E93$V+U=O

O4VAE970W
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]




C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^


]






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E
38O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


M:6-T960@4W1O8VL@06-T:79I='DI(A$971A:6QS*2`H4F5S=')I8W1E9!3

@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE9#PO

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

M(%-T;V-K(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X





]


M9B!3:&%R97







]


T1T



]





M=!$871E($9A:7(@5F%L=64L($=R86YT960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#@N



]


]
M






M8C`W-#0Y-3E?
3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
&1?-#`U9C@T-3!E93$V#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(P-S0T.34Y7S$S.#9?-#1B8U\Y9#!D

N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M




M='




M1'1H/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E!E;G-I;VX@0F5N969I='

]

]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@








]

M

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN
M(#



]
M


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0N


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E
38O




]





]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]

]



]





]

]
T1N=6UP


M1&YU;7`^-RXP



3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
&1?-#`U9C@T-3!E
M93$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(P-S0T.34Y7S$S




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C




M;G-I;VX@0F5N969I='

M;'-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S`L(#(P
M
3








]
T1R:#X-

M86QI9VX]

M;&]S=7)E(%M



]



]




RXP


T1T;W`^17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R
M:71I97



M86QI9VX]

L

]
T1T97AT




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^









T1T

L(&UI;FEM=6T\

]


M=!097)C96YT86=E(&]F(%!L86X@07-S971S+!M87AI;75M/]T9#X-B`@





M
3
X-E\T-&)C7SED

O4VAE970W


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]







]

]



]

C4\

M(#
V+#(T



]






]


]
T1N=6UP/C4U

]





]
T1T97AT



]
T1N=6UP/C

]


]
T1T






]

]
T1N=6UP/C



]


]
M




]
T1N=6UP/C(L


]


]




]




]
M


]
T1P
'0^)SQS<&%N/CPO



]
T1T97AT



@17%U
M:71Y(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG



]

]
M




]


3@L


]




]
M




]


]
T1R:#X-





]





]
T1N=6UP/C4T


]

M970@1G5N9'


M9VX]

M=7)E(%M


]








]





T1T



]





]








]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

979E

]



]




]



]












]

@17%U:71Y(%M-
M96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M

]
T1T97AT



]


3@L



]




]
T1T97AT




979E;`R(%M-96UB97)=
M('P@0V%S:!!;F0@17%U:79A;&5N='





M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]




M


]

@6TUE


T1T;W`^/'-T

:6YE($ET

]
T1T97AT







]

N
M($=O=F5R;FUE;G0@3V)L:6=A=&EO;G





M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]



M+#@R

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3&5V96P@


]
T1T






]

]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

979E

]



]




]



]

]



]




]
T1T97AT


]





M


]



979E;`S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-


]







]
M




979E;`S(%M-96UB97)=('P@0V%S:!!;F0@17%U:79A
M;&5N='


M

M(%M


]






]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@






M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]




M


]

N($=O=F5R;FUE;G0@3V)L:6=A
M=&EO;G


M

M(%M


]






]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@




M;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]


M(&]F('!L86X@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

M;7`^


]


]






]


]




]


]




]




]
T1T

M/3-$=&]P/DQE=F5L(#

]





M9VX]


3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
M
&1?-#`U9C@T-3!E93$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z


M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5(1$%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M

@*%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($-H86YG



SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S`L(#(P







M969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M
:6YE($ET96US73PO

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L-C


2PY
S







]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#$L
C

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
&1?-#`U9C@T-3!E93$V#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(P-S0T.34Y7S$S.#9?-#1B8U\Y




^


M1$E$



M969I='

M=&%I;'



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^


M969I='



M86QI9VX]







U
CQS

]




]


]
T1N=6T^*#(L







V+#(T



'0O:'1M



]



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@


@6TUE




T1T


]



M0SHO8C`W-#0Y-3E?
3
X-E\T-&)C7SED

M:&5E='
O4VAE970X
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M




]

]





]






]



]





3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
&1?-#`U9C@T-3!E93$V#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(P-S0T.34Y7S$S.#9?-#1B



M:G


M9#TS1$E$



M0F5N969I='
@*%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($%C8W5M=6QA=&5D($)E;F5F:70@3V)L
M:6=A=&EO;BD@*$1E=&%I;'

@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P

C`Q

]


]












]
M


M=&EO;G
@26X@17AC97-S($]F(%1H92!&86ER(%9A;'5E($]F(%!L86X@07-S



M+B`S

]
T1T:#Y*
M=6XN(#





]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S@L



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S4L
C(T/'-P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P
M9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J







#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\




M969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M
:6YE($ET96US73PO

]









M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@








]

T1)1#!%3T)!0SX-



@3V8@3F5T


I(A096YS:6]N($)E;F5F:71S(%M-96UB97)=+!54T0@

@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

M($)E;F5F:71S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



M-#0Y-3E?
3
X-E\T-&)C7SED

O
M4VAE970X-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS



]


CY*=6XN(#

S`L(#(P
M

M;VX@0F5N969I='



]



]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]
T1F

]
M



BPS



]





2D\




]






@8F5N969I=!I;F-O;64O8V]S=X@
M4V5E($YO=&5S(#@@86YD(#D@9F]R(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@:6YF;W)M871I;VXN







]

T1)1#!%5DE!0SX-B`@(`@(#QT

M;G-I;VX@0F5N969I='





]


]


M
T1T;W`^


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
C8W




]



M
C`@+2`R





]


SXQ
B!-;VYT
M:'



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S`L(#(P








BPP



S8L
#`P/'-P86X^




]
T1N=6UP/C(P



T1T;W`^1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D
M($]P97)A=&EO;G

M86QI9VX]

M;&]S=7)E(%M



]



@8F5N969I=`H:6YC
M;VUE*2!C;W-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$P
M,PP


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B

S@V7S0T8F-?
M.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS






]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#



]







M0SHO8C`W-#0Y-3E?
3
X-E\T-&)C7SED

M:&5E='
O4VAE970Y

T0G=&5X




]



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]



]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C4N







M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]









]


M1&YU;7`^-RXP


]


'0O:'1M;#L@


]




]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

T1T;W`^4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0@0F5N
M969I='


M

M(%M


]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPY
M


L



]


]
T1N=6UP/C





]
T1N=6UP/C$Q



T1T;W`^06-T=6%R:6%L(&=A:6X\

]
T1N=6T^*#$V

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1T




]



T1T;W`^0F5N
M969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N(&%T(&5N9!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@









]




]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^


M96YT($)E;F5F:71S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1R




]
M



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
&1?-#`U9C@T-3!E
M93$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(P-S0T.34Y7S$S

N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C







MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@
C`Q


]

]
T1T





]
T1P


BPY
S0I/'-P



M.5\Q
S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M='
@*%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($%M;W5N='



M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@
C`Q



]

]
M





]
M

M8FEL:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$W
2D\



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#(L-S0W



]





#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


]
T1R;SX-

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

M8V-U;75L871E9!B96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I;VX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/B0@




S@V7S0T8F-?
M.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E

T0G=&5X


04
^#0H@(`@(`\='(^

@6TUE

M/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#



]





]
T1N


]




]


CDV/'-P86X^

]

]

]


M-#0Y-3E?
3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
&1?-#`U9C@T-3!E93$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(P-S0T.34Y7S$S.#9?-#1B8U\Y9#!D7S0P




^+RH@1&\@


$5-








]



]

]





]
T1R


]


M=&%L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#







]

@6TUE



M;'-P86X]
T0R/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#



]
M





]
T1T97AT



]
T1N=6UP/B0@





]

]
T1N=6T^*#$V

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



T1T;W`^06UO




]
T1N=6T^*#


]

]
M



]


]

M;W-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#


]
T1N=6UP/B0@




T1T;W`^6S%=/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C`W-#0Y-3E?
3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
&1?-#`U9C@T

O4VAE970Y.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M='
@*$)E;F5F:70@4&%Y;65N='






]

]



]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



T1T;W`^
C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


]


3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
&1?-#`U
M9C@T-3!E93$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(P-S0T

M965T


M='`M97%U:78]

]




3(@36]N=&AS

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


T1T;W`^4')E($UE9&EC87)E(%M-96UB97)=


]


]
M


]
T1N=6UP
M/C@N







M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG
C`R


]

]






]

]
M




]



]

C`R
3QS

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C`W-#0Y-3E?
3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
&1?

O4VAE970Q
#$N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M






@;W1H

]
T1T
M:#Y*=6XN(#





M($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M



T1T;W`^169F96-T(&]N


2U097)C96YT86=E+5!O:6YT($EN8W)E87-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



L(#$M4&5R8V5N=&%G



M871I;VX@87
@;V8@2G5N92`S
P@,C`Q-P@
2U097)C96YT86=E+5!O:6YT



M87
@;V8@2G5N92`S
P@,C`Q-P@
2U097)C96YT86=E+5!O:6YT($1E8W)E

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@


M;G1E;G0]


M



M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S












]
M

M97AT4&%R=%]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E
38-




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$580D%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

M961U;&4@3V8@0V]S='




]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


M=&EO;B!!;F0@3W1H97(@16UP;&]Y964@4&QA;G


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@




M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


L

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

T0R/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#


M96UP;&]Y97(@4&QA;G




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PW
M




T1T



]


M96UP;&]Y97(@4&QA;G




]


T

]




]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*






]

]

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96
@

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,S$L#0H)3(P
3$\

M/D9)4]24!3=&%T=7




]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L
S



M


]









]

3`N


]
M



@4&5N


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

M;VYG/DUU;'1I96UP;&]Y97(@4&QA;G




]


]
M




]
T1F












]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M


]


M
T1T;W`^17AP:7)A=&EO;B!$871E($]F($-O;&QE8W1I=F4@0F%R9V%I;FEN


]






M

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E



]





^
3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#



]









L

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



M;G0]

2!R




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P
M9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7




M;'-P86X]


M

C`Q

]






M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C`W-#0Y-3E?
3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
M

O4VAE970Q
#@N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P


@86YD($-O;G1I
M;F=E;F-I97






3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
&1?-#`U9C@T-3!E
M93$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(P-S0T.34Y7S$S

3`Y



M:78]

]
M



M($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S($1U92D@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^


M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97





T1T;W`^
M

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
S$U/'-P86X^

#$Y

Q


]

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
M
&5E


M;G1E;G0]

^




]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S






T1T;W`^
M36EN:6UU;2!R96YT86QS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M




]

]








]
T1N=6UP/C$L





M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C`W-#0Y-3E?
3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
&1?-#`U9C@T-3!E

O4VAE970Q


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$5+24%%/@T*

M


@*$1E=&%I;'
I
M(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G



C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M



]
T1P


]




T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G92!O9B!E;7!L;WEE97
@

M;65N='

]







]



]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C`N



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B

S@V7S0T
M8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E

BYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M

M86X]

#$T



]


]






@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE9#PO


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#


C`Q


C`Q

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

C`Q



]


]





]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
CDR+#(X


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C0U+#$Y


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP-#$L





]



]


]




]



]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(%-A
M;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^/]S

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M


]

]

]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




]
T1T




]




]



]
T1N=6UP/C8R



]




]
T1T



]



]



]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(%-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@


]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S4Y+#(P


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
S8W+#0T




]

M:60]





T0Q


]

#$T/&)R

]
T1T:#Y397`N(#

M
T0R/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H


]



]




]
T1F


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]

]

M




M




#0Q+#`W

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP
3
L.#`S/'-P








]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$U



30Q+#$X



T1T;W`^261E;G1I9FEA

]
T1F

]
T1T






]

]


]




]



]


]
T1R


]
T1F;CX\


]


]



]


M9VX]


]
M



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





T1T



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]





M
2PP
3


]
T1F;CX\


]



]





]





]

ET\+W-U




]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C
Y


UT\

#0\



]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`X
M



]

]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





]
M



]

]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




]





]




]








]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






]


5TL

]
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(S
RPR




]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C(Q


M

]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



]








]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


]







]

]





]
T1T






]



]





]


]


]







]
T1F



]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]
T1F;CX\




]
M

]





]
T1T97AT






]



]



]





5T\+W-U

]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]



5T\


M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-B`@(`@




M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-B`@(`@






M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-B`@


@;W!E

@86QL;V-A=&5D

L('!R
3X-CPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].
M97AT4&%R=%]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E
38-




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$55,T%'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]





]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

C`Q-#QB

#$S

]
T1R



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



T1T








BPV



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP
3
L



]



]





]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
T1T






@6TUE

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



:6YE($ET

]
T1T97AT



]
M




]




]






S@V7S0T8F-?.60P
M9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E




]




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

C`Q


C`Q


C`Q


]



]





]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C0X+#@X
3QS

RPX
#


]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@


]
T1T




]




]





]








]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38X+#DW

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0W5S=&]M97(@0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K(%M-96UB


]




]



]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


@87

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



M


M1&YU;7`^



38N

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
M
&5E






]




CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#



]

]



M;W5N='


3
X
M-E\T-&)C7SED

O4VAE970Q
3@N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C





M96EV86)L97
@1'5E($9R;VT@36-

M;VUP86YY($EN8R!;365M8F5R72P@0W)E9&ET($-O;F-E;G1R871I;VX@4FES

C`Q

]


]




T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='



]
T1N=6UP/C$U





]

T1)


@;W1H



CY*=6XN(#


M
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L

2P@
C`Q

CY397`N(#

T0R/DIU;BX@
S`L
M(#(P
3

M;CTS1#(^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

CY$96
N(#



CY*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]




]




]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
CDR+#(X



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
C0U+#$Y

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C0X+#@X
3QS

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP-#$L



RPX
#



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@









M;7`^

]



]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#DP

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$X+#DP

]
T1N=6UP/C
W
M+#$S

]
T1N=6UP/C(T+#`U


]
T1N=6UP/C(U+#0P



]


]
M
T1N=6UP/C
Q+#0W

]
T1N=6UP/C(V

]
T1N=6UP/C$P




I(&9R;VT@
M1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D($]P97)A=&EO;G
L($YE=!O9B!487@\+W1D/@T*(`@

]



]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


]


]

]
M

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


]
M
T1N=6UP/C





]


]



]


]


;W-S*2!097(@0V]M;6]N

]
T1F



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]




]





5T\

















5T\


T1T;W`^
M1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D($]P97)A=&EO;G





M(#`N











]



T1T;W`^3F5T($EN






5T\

3QS







]



]

C$@=F%L:6=N/3-$






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]B

S@V7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E
38O


M




]



CY*=6XN(#
P

M86X]
T0R/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P



]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]




]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]






]




]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@-#




V



5T\+W1D/@T*


M-3E?
3
X-E\T-&)C7SED
&1?-#`U9C@T-3!E93$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(P-S0T.34Y7S$S.#9?-#1B8U\Y9#!D7S0P-68X


M.F\]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


T0B4VAE970P
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#@N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3

M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C`N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,C,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R.YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970S,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S(N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,V
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#
Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T
M,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970T,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0U+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(

M=#0X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T.2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970U
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3
N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4W+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#8P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970V-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C4N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8Y+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970W
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS

T0B4VAE970W
RYH

M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970W.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T.#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@Q
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#@T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X
M-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#8N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970X.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M.#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DP+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#DS+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y-YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DV+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970Y-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3@N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DY+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$P,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`R+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,3`U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
M
#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P-RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$Q,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3$Q+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,3$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
M
34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q-BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T


S@V
;7S0T8F-?.60P9%\T
#5F.#0U
&5E
38M+0T*
`
end











    
  
      

          

        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        
        


        

600
000

610
000
        
        


        
        

033
000
        
        


        
        

000
000
        
        


        
        

400
000

100
000

400
000


        
        

400
000)

200
000

800
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax expense or benefit and not previously recognized
 resulting from the sale of a business component.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before income tax
 reported as a separate component of income before extraordinary items. Includes the following (before income tax): income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not previously recognized
 resulting from the sale of a business component.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example a segment
 division
 branch or other business
 during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
48
45
39
4
3
4
53
48
43
Deferred Federal
1
5
52
49
48
867


        
1
020


        
For the years ended June&#160;30
 our effective tax rate varied from the statutory Federal income tax rate as a result of the following factors:


        
2
10
11
4
4
2
3
18
21
Property
(21
(21
(4
(3
(25
(25
(7
(4
570


Net Current Deferred Tax Assets And Prepaid Federal
 State
 And Local Income Taxes
Net current deferred tax assets and prepaid Federal
11
13
Prepaid Federal
9
7
549


        
37
56
38
726


        
Balance
1
(1
Balance
 end of year


        
For each of the years ended June&#160;30
 we recognized the change in the accrual for net tax-related interest and penalties as follows:


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 state and local income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 uncertain tax positions) and other types of income tax contingencies
 including: (1) the policy on classification of interest and penalties; (2) a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning and end of the period; the total amount(s) of: (3) unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate
 and (4) interest and penalties recognized in each of the income statement and balance sheet; (5) for positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months of the reporting date the: (i) nature of the uncertainty
 (ii) nature of the event that could occur that would cause the change
 and (iii) an estimate of the range of the reasonably possible change or a statement that an estimate of the range cannot be made; and (6) a description of tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
19
19
6
6
1
1
1
1
2
3
31
32
602


        
9
9
2
3
2
2
4
3
2
3
22
23
291




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to factors other than changes in the composition of the plan population by age and dependency status.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        

597


        

149

161


        

410

375


        

895

133


        

174

266


Property
 plant and equipment

307)

607)


        

212)

804)


        
        
        


        

598)

836)


        

424)

570)




        
          

        
          
            

 which can only be deducted for tax purposes when actual amounts are known
 and which can only be realized if sufficient tax-basis income is generated in future periods to enable the deduction to be taken.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which can only be deducted for tax purposes when actual costs are incurred
 and which can only be realized if sufficient tax-basis income is generated in future periods to enable the deduction to be taken.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        

061


        
        

342


        
        
        


        
        

977


Property
 plant and equipment
        

621


        
        
        


        
        

601


        
        

578


        
        

431


        
        

685


        
        

116




        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 to be sold or that has been disposed of through sale
 as of the financial statement date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) of a disposal group
 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 to be sold or that has subsequently been disposed of through sale
 as of the financial statement date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) of a disposal group
 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 to be sold or that has subsequently been disposed of through sale
 as of the financial statement date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 the aggregate of amounts due from customers or clients for goods or services that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business and an amount representing an agreement for an unconditional promise by the maker to pay the entity (holder) a definite sum of money at a future date
 reduced to their estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection and net of any write-downs taken for collection uncertainty on the part of the holder
 respectively.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 cash includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Cash equivalents
 excluding items classified as marketable securities
 include short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash
 and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 carrying amount of inventories (net of all valuation allowances and write-downs).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of assets not otherwise specified
 and which are expected to be realized or consumed after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer. For an unclassified balance sheet
 represents both current and noncurrent other assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 carrying value (net of accumulated depreciation and any write-downs) of tangible assets that are held by an entity for use in the production or supply of goods and services
 for rental to others
 or for administrative purposes and that are expected to provide economic benefit for more than one year. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
        
 
 we granted SSSARs to various employees under the terms of the 2005 Plan. The following table summarizes information relating to these grants:


        
1
1
1
2
1
851


        
1
1
1
107


        
The following table summarizes the activity relating to SSSARs granted under the 2005 Plan for the year ended June&#160;30
6
2
5
991


        
The following table summarizes information about the SSSARs outstanding by grant year at June&#160;30
 



          

        


        
        


        
1
1
1
243


        
1
842


        
The following table summarizes the activity relating to restricted stock granted under the 2005 Plan for the year ended June&#160;30
 



          

        


        
        


        
        
 
 we also granted shares of restricted stock to our 



          

        


        
        


        
        
 
2
1
705




        
          

        
          
            

 as well as the grant date fair value and closing stock price on grant date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as the grant date fair value
 closing stock price on grant date and estimated forfeiture rate.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under the SARs
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual SARs terms.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of the rights
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends and (d) risk-free rate.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the amounts attributable to each share-based compensation plan and any related tax benefits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the number of stock appreciation rights awards that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
The following table summarizes the fair values and levels
 within the fair value hierarchy
 for our plan assets at June&#160;30
June 30
3
3
2
2
2
2
8
8
20
20
29
8
38
June&#160;30
4
4
2
2
1
1
8
8
18
18
27
8
36
243


        
39
44
1
1
2
(4
(2
(2
41
39
519


        
36
35
4
3
(2
(2
38
36
243


        
(2
(3
276


        
(2
(3
(2
(3
276


        
41
39
519


        
The following table discloses
 in the aggregate
38
36
35
32
814


        
13
14
(5
(5
8
8
897


        
        


        
1
1
1
(2
(2
(2
397


        
2
2
2
2
2
12
772




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the net gain (loss)
 net prior service cost or credit
 and net transition asset or obligation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 showing separately the assets and current and noncurrent liabilities (if applicable) recognized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if applicable
 the effects during the period attributable to each of the following: actual return on plan assets
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 contributions by the employer
 contributions by plan participants
 benefits paid
 business combinations
 divestitures
 and settlements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 showing separately
 if applicable
 the effects of the following: service cost
 interest cost
 contributions by plan participants
 actuarial gains and losses
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 benefits paid
 plan amendments
 business combinations
 divestitures
 curtailments
 settlements
 and special and contractual termination benefits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        

210

000)


Common stock
 dividends per share
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
2
3
2
2
934


        
        


        
(2
(2
934


        
(2
(2
747


        
2
2
934


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
Effect on postretirement benefit obligation as of June&#160;30
 2014




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the net gain (loss)
 net prior service cost or credit
 and net transition asset or obligation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 showing separately the assets and current and noncurrent liabilities (if applicable) recognized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if applicable
 the effects during the period attributable to each of the following: actual return on plan assets
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 contributions by the employer
 contributions by plan participants
 benefits paid
 business combinations
 divestitures
 and settlements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 showing separately
 if applicable
 the effects of the following: service cost
 interest cost
 contributions by plan participants
 actuarial gains and losses
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 benefits paid
 plan amendments
 business combinations
 divestitures
 curtailments
 settlements
 and special and contractual termination benefits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the ultimate trend rate(s) and when that rate is expected to be achieved.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Pension Benefits (Plans With Benefit Obligations In Excess Of The Fair Value Of Plan Assets) (Details) (Pension Benefits [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
        


        

170

270


        

224

814




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate benefit obligation for plans with benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate fair value of plan assets for plans with benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

808
        

849

281

137

190
        

098

634

881

041
075
        

013
803
        

937
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

767
[1]
[2]

923
[1]
[2]

182
[1]
[2]


        

630
        
        
        
        

964
        
        
        
        

630
        

964
        

635
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

961
        

147
        

347
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

407
        

114
        

266
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

041
075
        

013
803
        

937
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

383
[1]
[2]

710
[1]
[2]

479
[1]
[2]


        

416
        
        
        
        

494
        
        
        
        

416
        

494
        

604
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

578
        

341
        

080
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

785
        

469
        

512
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

616)
[1]
[2]

787)
[1]
[2]

297)
[1]
[2]


        

214
        
        
        
        

892
        
        
        
        

214
        

892
        

661
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

578
        
        
        
        
        
        

578
        

370
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

645
        

460
        

506
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

993
        

617
        

589
        

      
        

      



              
              


              
              


              

 prepaid Federal








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Currently payable
 Federal

718

350

720


Currently payable
 State and local

526

475

116


        

244

825

836


Deferred Federal
 state and local (benefit) provision
        

133

031


        

293

958

867




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Stock-Based Compensation (Restricted Stock Activity) (Details) (Restricted Stock [Member]
 USD $)
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      







          

        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number of Shares [Roll Forward]
        


Number of Shares
 Unvested restricted stock at beginning of period
        


Number of Shares
 Granted
        


Number of Shares
 Vested
        


Number of Shares
 Forfeited
        


Number of Shares
 Unvested restricted stock at end of period
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        


Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Unvested restricted stock at beginning of period
        


Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Granted
        


Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Vested
        


Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Forfeited
        


Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Unvested restricted stock at end of period
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares forfeited
 as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        
        
        


        

539
        

385
        


Receivables (less allowance for doubtful accounts
 2014-$432; 2013-$340)

808
        

337
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

069
        

782
        


        

447
        

027
        


        

516
        

809
        


        

428
        

550
        


        
        
        

977
        


        

291
        

058
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment:
        
        
        
        


Land
 buildings and improvements

690
        

302
        


        

791
        

885
        


        

481
        

187
        


        

807
        

113
        


Property
 plant and equipment-net

674
        

074
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

840
        

840
        


        

376
        

322
        


        

449
        

069
        


        
        
        

601
        


        

630
        

964
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

907
        

459
        


        

165
        

602
        


        
        
        

116
        


        

072
        

177
        


        

208
        

291
        


        

753
        

274
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock-authorized 3
050
000 shares; outstanding-none
        
        
        
        


Common stock-authorized 75
000
000 shares; outstanding - 2014-27
339
421 shares; 2013-27
323
721 shares

789
        

622
        


        

167
211
        

139
213
        


        

061)
        

391)
        


Common stock in treasury
 at cost

342)
        

222)
        


        

597
        

222
        


        

630
        

964
        

      
        

      



              

 prepaid Federal








        
          

        
          
            

 depreciable assets that include building structures held for productive use including any addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 such as interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) of a disposal group
 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 to be sold or that has subsequently been disposed of through sale
 as of the financial statement date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) of a disposal group
 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 to be sold or that has subsequently been disposed of through sale
 as of the financial statement date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is net of related treasury stock. May be all or a portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. These shares represent the ownership interest of the preferred shareholders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer) from outside sources
 including trade accounts receivable
 notes and loans receivable
 as well as any other types of receivables
 net of allowances established for the purpose of reducing such receivables to an amount that approximates their net realizable value.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

840

840




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Postretirement Benefits (Amounts Recognized In Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss) (Details) (Postretirement Benefits [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and that are recognized as increases or decreases in other comprehensive income as they arise. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption
 or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which has not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

808

849

281

137

190

098

634

881

041
075

013
803

937



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

041
075

013
803

937



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

872

447

497



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

203

356

440




        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

986

249

808


        
        
        
        


        

407

114

266


        

720

278

147


        

472

901

922


        
        
        
        


        

033
        
        


        
        
        

122)


        
        
        
        


        

881)

522

763)


        

122

321)

181


        

167)

647)

536


        

352)

894
        


        

091

682

447


        
        
        
        


        

961)

147)

347)


        
        

836
        


        

610
        
        


        

180)

067)

147)


        

475

378)

599)


        
        
        
        


        

120)
        

315)


        

988)

063)

464)


        

020
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

412)

554)

478)


        

154

250)

370


        

385

635

265


        

539

385

635




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 includes items such as pension expense and contributions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax expense or benefit and not previously recognized
 resulting from the sale of a business component.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Postretirement Benefits (Schedule Of Amounts Recognized In The Consolidated Balance Sheets) (Details) (Postretirement Benefits [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

608)

747)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount recognized in balance sheet as a current liability associated with an underfunded defined benefit plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


Balance
 beginning of year
        

939


Tax positions related to current year
 Additions
        
        


Tax positions related to current year
 Reductions
        
        


Tax positions related to prior years
 Additions
        
        


Tax positions related to prior years
 Reductions
        

021)


        
        
        


Balance
 end of year
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Postretirement Benefits (Benefit Payments Estimated For Future Years) (Details) (Postretirement Benefits [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified








          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
681
649
621
359
364
367
1
041
1
013
988
937


        
1
041
1
013
988
165
165
151
(11
(11
(10
153
153
141
405
392
384
78
85
233
148
212
638
619
682
15
23
15
15
23
15
18
17
17
18
17
17
Segment identifiable assets include those assets used in its operations and other intangible assets allocated to purchased businesses. Corporate assets consist principally of cash and equivalents
 prepaid Federal
 state and local income taxes and deferred income taxes.



          

        


        
        


        
Net sales attributable to McLane Company
 Inc. (McLane)
 a wholesale distribution subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway
 Inc.
186
132
872


        
        






        


        
        


        
Net sales attributable to Wal-Mart Stores
175
168
160
167


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if revenues from transactions with a single external customer amount to 10 percent or more of entity revenues
 including the disclosure of that fact
 the total amount of revenues from each such customer
 and the identity of the reportable segment or segments reporting the revenues. The entity need not disclose the identity of a major customer or the amount of revenues that each segment reports from that customer. For these purposes
 a group of companies known to the entity to be under common control is considered a single customer
 and the federal government
 a state government
 a local government such as a county or municipality
 or a foreign government is each considered a single customer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a benchmark to which it is compared
 and the percentage that the risk is to the benchmark.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Stock-Based Compensation (Fair Value Of Stock-Settled Stock Appreciation Rights Vested) (Details) (Stock Settled Stock Appreciation Rights SARS [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

145

476

107




        
          

        
          
            

 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
248
292
241
258
1
041
57
81
51
57
248
24
37
18
20
100
Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations
2
(29
(26
24
39
(10
21
74
248
272
247
245
1
013
61
72
53
57
244
26
31
20
25
103
Income from Discontinued Operations
3
1
5
26
35
21
25
109
Diluted income (loss) per common share amounts are calculated independently for each of the quarters presented. Accordingly
 the sum of the quarterly income (loss) per common share amounts may not agree with the fiscal year.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited
 comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
248
292
241
258
1
041
57
81
51
57
248
24
37
18
20
100
Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations
2
(29
(26
24
39
(10
21
74
248
272
247
245
1
013
61
72
53
57
244
26
31
20
25
103
Income from Discontinued Operations
3
1
5
26
35
21
25
109
Diluted income (loss) per common share amounts are calculated independently for each of the quarters presented. Accordingly
 the sum of the quarterly income (loss) per common share amounts may not agree with the fiscal year.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Postretirement Benefits (Components Of Net Periodic Benefit (Income) Cost) (Details) (Postretirement Benefits [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              
              







        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Lancaster Colony Corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiaries
 collectively referred to as &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; &#8220;registrant
&#8221; or the &#8220;Company.&#8221; Intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation. Our fiscal year begins on July&#160;1 and ends on June&#160;30. Unless otherwise noted
 references to &#8220;year&#8221; pertain to our fiscal year; for example
 
 which is the period from July&#160;1
 to June&#160;30
 


        
On January 30
 2014
 we sold effectively all of the net operating assets of our candle manufacturing and marketing operations. The financial results of these operations are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented herein. The footnote presentation has been revised to remove the effect of the discontinued operations
 as appropriate.


        
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Significant estimates included in these consolidated financial statements include allowance for doubtful accounts receivable
 net realizable value of inventories
 useful lives for the calculation of depreciation and amortization
 impairments of long-lived assets
 accruals for marketing and merchandising programs
 tax contingency reserves for uncertain tax positions
 pension and postretirement assumptions
 as well as expenses related to distribution and self-insurance accruals. Actual results could differ from these estimates.


        
We consider all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The carrying amounts of our cash and equivalents
 including money market funds and commercial paper
 approximate fair value due to their short maturities and are considered level 1 investments
 which have quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets. As a result of our cash management system
 checks issued but not presented to the banks for payment may create negative book cash balances. When such negative balances exist
 they are included in other accrued liabilities.


        
The carrying amounts of our accounts receivable approximate fair value. We provide an allowance for doubtful accounts based on the aging of accounts receivable balances
 historical write-off experience and on-going reviews of our trade receivables. Measurement of potential losses requires credit review of existing customer relationships
 consideration of historical effects of relevant observable data
 including present economic conditions such as delinquency rates
 and the economic health of customers.


        
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and equivalents and trade accounts receivable. By policy
 we limit the amount of credit exposure to any one institution or issuer. Our concentration of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivable is mitigated by our credit evaluation process and by having a large and diverse customer base. However
 see Note 13 with respect to our accounts receivable with Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. and McLane Company
 Inc.
 a wholesale distribution subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway
 Inc.


        
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market and are costed by various methods that approximate actual cost on a first-in
 first-out basis. Due to the nature of our business
 work in process inventory is not a material component of inventory.


Property
 Plant And Equipment
Property
Property
 years. For tax purposes
 we generally compute depreciation using accelerated methods.


        
We monitor the recoverability of the carrying value of our long-lived assets by periodically considering whether indicators of impairment are present. If such indicators are present
 we determine if the assets are recoverable by comparing the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows to the assets&#8217; carrying amounts. Our cash flows are based on historical results adjusted to reflect our best estimate of future market and operating conditions. If the carrying amounts are greater
 then the assets are not recoverable. In that instance
 we compare the carrying amounts to the fair value to determine the amount of the impairment to be recorded.


        
Goodwill is not amortized. It is evaluated annually at April&#160;30
 by applying impairment testing procedures
 as appropriate. Other intangible assets with lives restricted by contractual
 legal
 or other means are amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful lives to general and administrative expense. We periodically evaluate the future economic benefit of the recorded goodwill and other intangible assets when events or circumstances indicate potential recoverability concerns. Carrying amounts are adjusted appropriately when determined to have been impaired.


        
Various marketing programs are offered to customers to reimburse them for a portion or all of their promotional activities related to our products. Additionally
 we often incur various costs associated with shipping products to the customer. We provide accruals for the costs of marketing and distribution based on historical information as may be modified by estimates of actual costs incurred. 


        
Self-insurance accruals are made for certain claims associated with employee health care
 workers&#8217; compensation and general liability insurance. These accruals include estimates that are primarily based on historical loss development factors. 


        
3
050
750
 par value
1
150
1
150
2
000
1
426
 shares remained authorized for future purchase at June&#160;30
 


        
We recognize revenue upon transfer of title and risk of loss
 provided that evidence of an arrangement exists
 pricing is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is probable. Net sales are recorded net of estimated sales discounts
 returns and certain sales incentives
 including coupon redemptions and rebates.


        
        


        
Shipping and handling fees billed to customers are included in net sales
 while our shipping and handling costs are included in cost of sales.


        
We account for our stock-based employee compensation plans in accordance with GAAP for stock-based compensation
 which requires the measurement and recognition of the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. The cost of the employee services is recognized as compensation expense over the period that an employee provides service in exchange for the award
 which is typically the vesting period.


        
Our income tax expense
Our annual tax rate is determined based on our income
 statutory tax rates and the permanent tax impacts of items treated differently for tax purposes than for financial reporting purposes. Tax law requires certain items be included in the tax return at different times than the items are reflected in the financial statements. Some of these differences are permanent
 such as expenses that are not deductible in our tax return
 and some differences are temporary
 reversing over time
 such as depreciation expense. These temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Realization of certain deferred tax assets is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods. Although realization is not assured
 management believes it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be realized and thus we have not recorded any valuation allowance for the years ended June&#160;30
In accordance with accounting literature related to uncertainty in income taxes
Changes in tax laws and rates could also affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. Management is not aware of any such changes that would have a material effect on our results of operations
 cash flow or financial position.


        
Earnings per share (&#8220;EPS&#8221;) is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock and common stock equivalents (restricted stock and stock-settled stock appreciation rights) outstanding during each period. Unvested shares of restricted stock granted to employees are considered participating securities since employees receive nonforfeitable dividends prior to vesting and
 therefore
 are included in the earnings allocation in computing EPS under the two-class method. Basic EPS excludes dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period
 which includes the dilutive potential common shares associated with nonparticipating restricted stock and stock-settled stock appreciation rights.


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 indicating whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -Section 02
 03
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it may disclose its accounting policy for this election and describe its method of allocation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a transaction between an entity delivering a tangible good to a purchaser. The entity also may disclose its treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to incurred but not reported reserves (IBNR).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including dividends and accumulated other comprehensive income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Stock-Based Compensation (Employee Restricted Stock Grant Details) (Details) (Employee Restricted Stock [Member]
 USD $)
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

190
        

705


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares forfeited
 as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Expiration Date Range
 High End
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data


          


          


          


          


          



Balance at Jun. 30
 2011

539

197

150
683

043)

298)


Balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2011
        

386
000
        
        
        


        

808
        

808
        
        


Net pension and postretirement benefit gains (losses)
 net of tax effect

119)
        
        

119)
        


        

464)
        

464)
        
        


        

315)
        
        
        

315)


Purchase of treasury stock
 shares
        

000)
        
        
        


Stock-based plans
 including excess tax benefits
        
        
        
        
        


Stock-based plans
 including excess tax benefits
 shares
        

000
        
        
        


        

922

922
        
        
        


Balance at Jun. 30
 2012

267

015

208
027

162)

613)


Balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2012
        

287
000
        
        
        


        

249
        

249
        
        


Net pension and postretirement benefit gains (losses)
 net of tax effect

771
        
        

771
        


        

063)
        

063)
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Purchase of treasury stock
 shares
        

000)
        
        
        


Stock-based plans
 including excess tax benefits
        
        
        
        
        


Stock-based plans
 including excess tax benefits
 shares
        

000
        
        
        


        

901

901
        
        
        


Balance at Jun. 30
 2013

222

622

139
213

391)

222)


Balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2013

323
721

324
000
        
        
        


        

986
        

986
        
        


Net pension and postretirement benefit gains (losses)
 net of tax effect
        
        
        
        
        


        

988)
        

988)
        
        


        

120)
        
        
        

120)


Purchase of treasury stock
 shares
        

000)
        
        
        


Stock-based plans
 including excess tax benefits
        
        
        
        
        


Stock-based plans
 including excess tax benefits
 shares
        

000
        
        
        


        

472

472
        
        
        


Balance at Jun. 30
 2014

597

789

167
211

061)

342)


Balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2014

339
421

339
000
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized

050
000

050
000


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 shares outstanding

339
421

323
721




        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
We and certain of our operating subsidiaries provide multiple postretirement medical and life insurance benefit plans. We recognize the cost of benefits as the employees render service. Postretirement benefits are funded as incurred. At the end of the year
 we discount our plan liabilities using an assumed discount rate. In estimating this rate
 we
 along with our third-party actuaries
 review the projected timing of future benefit payments
 bond indices
2
3
2
2
(2
(2
(2
(2
2
2
934
 and immaterial amounts for 
 that are presented in discontinued operations because those amounts relate to sold operations. In 
Effect on postretirement benefit obligation as of June&#160;30
 2014




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Postretirement Benefits (Schedule Of Reconciliation Of Funded Status) (Details) (Postretirement Benefits [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
        


        

779)

934)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
 Total.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Postretirement Benefits (Schedule Of Change In Benefit Obligation) (Details) (Postretirement Benefits [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

934

054
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

779

934

054




        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered to a particular date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services. This item represents a periodic decrease to the plan obligations and a decrease to plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

808
        

849
        

281
        

137
        

190
        

098
        

634
        

881
        

041
075
        

013
803
        

937


        

866
        

908
        

623
        

171
        

707
        

833
        

046
        

121
        

568
        

707
        

428


        

901
        

900
        

133
        

052
        

401
        

733
        

471
        

255
        

986
        

860
        

349


Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations
 Net of Tax
        
        

276)
        

101
        
        
        
        
        

100
        

806
        
        
        

000)
        

389
        

459


        

327
        

376)
        

234
        

801
        

477
        

833
        

277
        

662
        

986
        

249
        

808


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              









        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax before extraordinary items allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

339
        


        

				 2014
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

621
636


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
. Contributions are determined under various formulas
Certain of our subsidiaries participate in multiemployer plans that provide pension benefits to retiree union workers at such locations. These plans generally provide for retirement
 death and/or termination benefits for eligible employees within the applicable collective bargaining agreement
 based on specific eligibility/participation requirements
 vesting periods and benefit formulas. The risks of participating in these multiemployer plans are different from single-employer plans in the following aspects: 1) assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers
 2) if a participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers and 3) if we choose to stop participating in any of our multiemployer plans
 we may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan
Our participation in these plans for the annual period ended June&#160;30
 is reflected in the following table. All information in the table is as of December&#160;31 of the relevant year
 except contributions which are based on our fiscal year
 or except as otherwise noted. The EIN-PN column provides the Employer Identification Number (&#8220;EIN&#8221;) and the Plan Number (&#8220;PN&#8221;). The pension protection act zone status is based on information that we received from the plan. Among other factors
 generally
 plans in critical status (red zone) are less than 65 percent funded
 plans in endangered or seriously endangered status (yellow zone or orange zone
 respectively) are less than 80 percent funded
 and plans at least 80 percent funded are said to be in the green zone. The FIP/RP status pending/implemented column indicates plans for which a funding improvement plan (&#8220;FIP&#8221;) or a rehabilitation plan (&#8220;RP&#8221;) is either pending or has been implemented by the trustees of each plan. There have been no significant changes that affect the comparability of 
Yes
1
1
1
1
1
1
Through December 31
 2012
Our contributions to the Cleveland Bakers and Teamsters Pension Fund exceeded 5% of the total contributions to the plan in the plan years ended December&#160;31
 
3
3
3
We offer a deferred compensation plan for select employees who may elect to defer a certain percentage of annual compensation. We do not match any contributions. Each participant earns interest based upon the prime rate of interest
 adjusted semi-annually
4
3
963




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Reconciliation Of Funded Status) (Details) (Pension Benefits [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
        


        

508)

276)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
 Total.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

041
075
        

013
803
        

937
        


        

507
        

096
        

509
        


        

568
        

707
        

428
        


Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses

801
        

784
        

246
        


        

767
[1]
[2]

923
[1]
[2]

182
[1]
[2]


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

279
        

818
        

216
        


        

293
        

958
        

867
        


        

986
        

860
        

349
        


Discontinued Operations
 Net of Tax:
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

058
        

389
        

459
        


        

058)
        
        
        
        
        


        

000)
        

389
        

459
        


        

986
        

249
        

808
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

264
        

252
        

233
        


        

308
        

285
        

265
        

      
        

      



              
              


              
              


              









        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after tax expense or benefit and not previously recognized
 resulting from the sale of a business component.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or provision therefore) during the reporting period
 until its disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax before extraordinary items allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation
 when the per share amount is the same.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
19
19
6
6
1
1
1
1
2
3
31
32
9
9
2
3
2
2
4
3
2
3
22
23
291




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 at June&#160;30
The following table summarizes our identifiable other intangible assets
 all included in the Specialty Foods segment
13
13
(7
(6
5
6
5
6
1
083




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
 and (c) if a recognized impairment loss is an estimate not finalized and the reasons why the estimate is not final.  May also disclose the nature and amount of any significant adjustments made to a previous estimate of an impairment loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
June&#160;30
Year Ended June 30
Year Ended June 30
Year Ended June 30
 2014




        
          

        
          
            

 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
 disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
We have operating leases with initial noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year covering the rental of various facilities and equipment
. Certain of these leases contain renewal options
4
2
1
1
1
Total rent expense
 including short-term cancelable leases
5
4
4
1
1
5
5
6
057




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes operating lease arrangements and arrangements in which the entity has agreed to expend funds to procure goods or services
 or has agreed to commit resources to supply goods or services
 and operating lease arrangements. Descriptions may include identification of the specific goods and services
 period of time covered
 minimum quantities and amounts
 and cancellation rights.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Pension Benefits (Amounts Recognized In Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss) (Details) (Pension Benefits [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
        


        

585

110


        

019)

213)


        

566

897




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and that are recognized as increases or decreases in other comprehensive income as they arise. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption
 or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]
        


        
2
000
 common shares for issuance to our employees and directors
 and all awards granted under the 2005 Plan will be exercisable at prices not less than fair market value as of the date of the grant. The vesting period for awards granted under the 2005 Plan varies as to the type of award granted
 but generally these awards have a maximum term of 
 
For each grant
 the volatility factor was estimated based on actual historical volatility of our stock for a time period equal to the term of the SSSARs. The expected average life was determined based on historical exercise experience for this type of grant. The SSSARs from each grant vest one-third on the first anniversary of the grant date
We recognize compensation expense over the requisite service period. Compensation expense was reflected in Cost of Sales or Selling
1
1
1
2
1
1
1
1
The following table summarizes the activity relating to SSSARs granted under the 2005 Plan for the year ended June&#160;30
6
2
5
The following table summarizes information about the SSSARs outstanding by grant year at June&#160;30
At June&#160;30
 
 there was approximately 
 
2
1
The restricted stock under each of these employee grants vests on the third anniversary of the grant date. We estimate a forfeiture rate for each grant based on historical experience. Under the terms of the grants
6
000
23
6
000
 
 respectively.
 
-year period
7
000
7
8
000
 
 respectively
We recognize compensation expense over the requisite service period. Compensation expense was reflected in Cost of Sales or Selling
1
1
1
1
The following table summarizes the activity relating to restricted stock granted under the 2005 Plan for the year ended June&#160;30
At June&#160;30
 
 there was approximately 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

079

780

416


        
        
        
        


        
        

093

377


        

958

995

057




        
          

        
          
            

 Rent Expense
 Short-term Cancelable Leases
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 except that any escalation of minimum lease payments relating to increases in construction or acquisition cost of the leased property or for increases in some measure of cost or value during the construction or preconstruction period
 are excluded from contingent rentals. Contingent rentals also may include amounts for which the triggering events have not yet occurred or the specified targets for which have not yet been achieved (such as sales based percentage rent)
 but which events are considered probable of occurring or which specified targets are considered probable of being achieved.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding contingent rentals and a guarantee by the lessee of the lessor's debt and the lessee's obligation to pay (apart from the rental payments) executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
At June&#160;30
 
 we had an unsecured credit facility (&#8220;Facility&#8221;) under which we may borrow
 on a revolving credit basis
 at any one time
April&#160;18
 2017
 and all outstanding amounts are then due and payable. Interest is variable based upon formulas tied to LIBOR or an alternative base rate defined in the credit agreement
 at our option. We must also pay facility fees that are tied to our then-applicable consolidated leverage ratio. Loans may be used for general corporate purposes. Based on the long-term nature of this Facility
 when we have outstanding borrowings under this Facility
At June&#160;30
 
 borrowings outstanding under this Facility. At June&#160;30
 
 of standby letters of credit outstanding
. At June&#160;30
 
 we exceeded the requirements of the financial covenants by substantial margins. At June&#160;30
 
The Facility contains certain restrictive covenants
 including limitations on indebtedness
 asset sales and acquisitions. There are two principal financial covenants: an interest expense test that requires us to maintain an interest coverage ratio not less than 2.5 to 1 at the end of each fiscal quarter; and an indebtedness test that requires us to maintain a consolidated leverage ratio not greater than 3 to 1 at all times. The interest coverage ratio is calculated by dividing Consolidated EBIT (as defined more specifically in the credit agreement) by Consolidated Interest Expense (as defined more specifically in the credit agreement)
 and the leverage ratio is calculated by dividing Consolidated Debt (as defined more specifically in the credit agreement) by Consolidated EBITDA (as defined more specifically in the credit agreement).




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
48
45
39
4
3
4
53
48
43
Deferred Federal
1
5
52
49
48
1
For the years ended June&#160;30
2
10
11
4
4
2
3
18
21
Property
(21
(21
(4
(3
(25
(25
(7
(4
Net current deferred tax assets and prepaid Federal
11
13
Prepaid Federal
9
7
37
56
38
The gross tax contingency reserve at June&#160;30
. The unrecognized tax benefits recorded as the gross tax contingency reserve noted in the following table for June&#160;30
 would affect our effective tax rate
Balance
1
(1
Balance
We have not classified any of the gross tax contingency reserve at June&#160;30
 was included in long-term liabilities. We expect that the amount of these liabilities will change within the next 12 months; however
We recognize interest and penalties related to these tax liabilities in income tax expense. For each of the years ended June&#160;30
We file income tax returns in the U.S. and various state and local jurisdictions. With limited exceptions
. In accordance with FASB guidance
 this deduction is treated as a special deduction
 as opposed to a tax rate reduction.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
We sponsor multiple defined benefit pension plans that have covered certain union workers. However
 as a result of prior-years&#8217; restructuring activities
 for all periods presented
At the end of the year
 we discount our plan liabilities using an assumed discount rate. In estimating this rate
 we
 along with our third-party actuaries
 review the timing of future benefit payments
 bond indices
In determining the long-term expected return on plan assets
 we consider our related investment guidelines
 our expectations of long-term rates of return by asset category
 our target asset allocation weighting and historical rates of return and volatility for equity and fixed income investments. The investment strategy for plan assets is to control and manage investment risk through diversification among asset classes
 investment managers/funds and investment styles.&#160;The plans&#8217; investment guidelines have been designed to meet the intended objective that plan assets earn at least nominal returns equal to or in excess of the plans&#8217; liability growth rate.&#160;In consideration of the current average age of the plans&#8217; participants
Our target asset allocations are maintained through ongoing review and periodic rebalancing of equity and fixed income investments with assistance from an independent outside investment consultant. Also
 the plan assets are diversified among asset classes
The following table summarizes the fair values and levels
 within the fair value hierarchy
 for our plan assets at June&#160;30
June 30
3
3
2
2
2
2
8
8
20
20
29
8
38
June&#160;30
4
4
2
2
1
1
8
8
18
18
27
8
36
The plan assets classified at Level 1 include money market funds
The plan assets classified at Level 2 include fixed income securities consisting of government securities
 corporate obligations
 mortgage obligations and other asset backed securities. For these types of securities
 market prices are observable for identical or similar investment securities but not readily accessible for each of those investments individually at the measurement date. For these assets
 we obtain pricing information from an independent pricing service. The pricing service uses various pricing models for each asset class that are consistent with what other market participants would use. The inputs and assumptions to the model of the pricing service are derived from market observable sources including as applicable: benchmark yields
 reported trades
 broker/dealer quotes
 issuer spreads
 prepayment speed assumptions
 attributes of the collateral
 yield or price of bonds of comparable structure and quality
39
44
1
1
2
(4
(2
(2
41
39
36
35
4
3
(2
(2
38
36
(2
(3
(2
(3
(2
(3
41
39
The following table discloses
 in the aggregate
38
36
35
32
13
14
(5
(5
8
8
1
1
1
(2
(2
(2
397
 but
 based on initial estimates
2
2
2
2
2
12
772




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

472

901

922


        

020
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

092

316

514


        
        
        
        


        

692

851
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
 Beginning Balance
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
 Ending Balance
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              
              







        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 charged to costs and expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Pension Benefits (Amounts In Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Expected To Be Recognized As Components Of Net Periodic Benefit Cost During Next Fiscal Year) (Details) (Pension Benefits [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Stock-Based Compensation (Stock-Settled Stock Appreciation Rights Activity) (Details) (Stock Settled Stock Appreciation Rights SARS [Member]
 USD $)
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Number of Rights
 Outstanding at beginning of period
        
        
        


Number of Rights
 Exercised
        
        
        


Number of Rights
 Granted
        
        
        


Number of Rights
 Forfeited
        
        
        


Number of Rights
 Outstanding at end of period
        
        
        


Number of Rights
 Exercisable and vested at end of period
        
        
        


Number of Rights
 Vested and expected to vest at end of period
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding at beginning of period
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercised
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding at end of period
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercisable and vested at end of period
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Vested and expected to vest at end of period
        
        
        


Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life
 Outstanding at end of period
        
        
        


Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life
 Exercisable and vested at end of period
        
        
        


Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life
 Vested and expected to vest at end of period
        
        
        


Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Outstanding at end of period

594
        
        


Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Exercisable and vested at end of period

573
        
        


Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Vested and expected to vest at end of period

991
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the number of outstanding stock-settled stock appreciation rights that are fully vested and expected to vest under the plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the weighted-average exercise price for outstanding stock-settled stock appreciation rights that are fully vested or expected to vest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Defined Contribution And Other Employee Plans (Narrative) (Details) (Cleveland Bakers And Teamsters Pension Fund [Member]
 Multiemployer Plans
 Pension [Member])

        

      










        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Stock-Based Compensation (Stock-Settled Stock Appreciation Rights Grant Details) (Details) (Stock Settled Stock Appreciation Rights SARS [Member]
 USD $)
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions and Methodology [Abstract]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Postretirement Benefits (Schedule Of Change In Plan Assets) (Details) (Postretirement Benefits [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services. This item represents a periodic decrease to the plan obligations and a decrease to plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
4
2
1
1
1
310


        
Total rent expense
 including short-term cancelable leases
5
4
4
1
1
5
5
6
057




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 contingent rentals
 and sublease rentals.  Rental payments under leases with terms of a month or less that were not renewed need not be included.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

000
000

000
000


        

000
000

000
000


Line of credit facility
 expiration date

				 2017
        


Line of credit facility
 amount outstanding
        
        


Standby letters of credit
 amount outstanding

700
000
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets)
 but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 reportable segment
&#8211;includes the production
 marketing and sale of a family of pourable and refrigerated produce salad dressings
 croutons
 sauces
 fruit glazes
 refrigerated produce vegetable and fruit dips
 hummus
 chip dips
 dry and frozen pasta and egg noodles
 caviar
 frozen hearth-baked breads
 frozen yeast rolls
 sweet rolls and biscuits. Salad dressings
 sauces
 croutons
 frozen pasta and egg noodles
681
649
621
359
364
367
1
041
1
013
988
&#8211;includes various expenses of a general corporate nature
 as well as costs related to certain divested or closed nonfood operations
1
041
1
013
988
165
165
151
(11
(11
(10
153
153
141
405
392
384
78
85
233
148
212
638
619
682
15
23
15
15
23
15
18
17
17
18
17
17
Segment identifiable assets include those assets used in its operations and other intangible assets allocated to purchased businesses. Corporate assets consist principally of cash and equivalents
 prepaid Federal
Net sales attributable to McLane Company
 Inc. (McLane)
 a wholesale distribution subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway
 Inc.
186
132
Net sales attributable to Wal-Mart Stores
175
168
160
167




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































Revenue
 Major Customer [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

808

849

281

137

190

098

634

881

041
075

013
803

937



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Revenue
 Major Customer [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

817

872
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Revenue
 Major Customer [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
At June 30
 2013
June 30
14
41
55
Property
21
22
78
5
2
8
116




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include the gain (loss) recognized in the income statement and the income statement caption that includes that gain (loss)
 amounts of revenues and pretax profit or loss reported in discontinued operations
 the classification and carrying value of the assets and liabilities comprising the disposal group
 and the segment in which the disposal group was reported. Also may include the amount of adjustments to amounts previously reported in discontinued operations such as resolution of contingencies arising from the disposal transaction or the operations of the component prior to disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Postretirement Benefits (Schedule Of Accumulated Benefit Obligation) (Details) (Postretirement Benefits [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
        


        

779

934




        
          

        
          
            

 the actuarial present value of benefits (whether vested or nonvested) attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered before a specified date and based on employee service and compensation (if applicable) before that date. The accumulated benefit obligation differs from the projected benefit obligation in that it includes no assumption about future compensation levels. For plans with flat-benefit or nonpay-related pension benefit formulas
 the accumulated benefit obligation and the projected benefit obligation are the same.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

635

417


        

440

560


        

219

553


        

815

917


        

056

155


        

165

602




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Defined Contribution And Other Employee Plans (Schedule Of Multiemployer Health And Welfare Plan Contributions) (Details) (Multiemployer Plans
 Postretirement Benefit [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      


















        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

367

666

659




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

901
        

900
        

133
        

052
        

401
        

733
        

471
        

255
        

986
        

860
        

349


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

812
        

534
        

179


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

264
        

252
        

233


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

308
        

285
        

265


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              









        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

986

249

808


        
        
        
        


Net gain (loss) arising during the period
 before tax
        

322

437)


Amortization of loss
 before tax
        
        
        


Amortization of transition asset
 before tax
        
        
        


Amortization of prior service asset
 before tax
        
        
        


Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Before Tax
        

981

119)


        
        
        
        


Net gain (loss) arising during the period
 tax
        

965)

118


Amortization of loss
 tax
        
        
        


Amortization of transition asset
 tax
        
        
        


Amortization of prior service asset
 tax
        
        
        


        
        

210)

000


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax
        

771

119)


        

316

020

689




        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Postretirement Benefits (Narrative) (Details) (Postretirement Benefits [Member]
 USD $)

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

000)

000

000


        

000
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000)
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
On January 30
 2014
 in cash. Net proceeds from the sale
 after post-closing adjustments and transaction costs
 totaled approximately 
June&#160;30
. The financial results of these operations are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented herein. The discontinued operations
 previously included in our Glassware and Candles segment
 had net sales of approximately 
 
 for the years ended June&#160;30
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 and a pretax loss of approximately 
 including the pretax loss on sale
 for the year ended June 30
 2014
 for the years ended June&#160;30
 2013 and 2012
At June 30
 2013
June 30
14
41
55
Property
21
22
78
5
2
8
116




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 manner and timing of disposal
 the gain (loss) recognized in the income statement and the income statement caption that includes that gain (loss)
 amounts of revenues and pretax profit or loss reported in discontinued operations
 the segment in which the disposal group was reported
 and the classification (whether sold or classified as held for sale) and carrying value of the assets and liabilities comprising the disposal group. Includes all disposal groups
 including those classified as components of the entity (discontinued operations).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

277

992

726




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Accumulated Benefit Obligation) (Details) (Pension Benefits [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
        


        

233

519




        
          

        
          
            

 the actuarial present value of benefits (whether vested or nonvested) attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered before a specified date and based on employee service and compensation (if applicable) before that date. The accumulated benefit obligation differs from the projected benefit obligation in that it includes no assumption about future compensation levels. For plans with flat-benefit or nonpay-related pension benefit formulas
 the accumulated benefit obligation and the projected benefit obligation are the same.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

055

963




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer). Represents currently earned compensation under cash arrangements (such as a profit-sharing plan
 rabbi trust
 and employee contract--excluding equity-based arrangements) that is not actually paid until a later date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Stock-Based Compensation (Nonemployee Director Restricted Stock Grant Details) (Details) (Director Restricted Stock [Member]
 USD $)
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares forfeited
 as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The following table summarizes our identifiable other intangible assets
 all included in the Specialty Foods segment
13
13
(7
(6
5
6
5
6
322


        
1
083


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets
 that lack physical substance
 having a limited useful life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    

Jun. 30


Mar. 31


Dec. 31


Sep. 30


Jun. 30


Mar. 31


Dec. 31


Sep. 30

    

Jun. 30


Mar. 31


Dec. 31


Sep. 30


Jun. 30


Mar. 31


Dec. 31


Sep. 30

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

Business Segment Information (Percentage Of Receivables Due From Wal-Mart) (Details) (Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. [Member]
 Credit Concentration Risk [Member])

        

      














        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          












          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

755
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0000057515-14-000051-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`/UB'$4&N01ZC28`,TQ*P`1`!P`;&%N8RTR,#$T,#8S,YX


0XGLZ.S8]BGQWO8D1JR16A%7
R




UGM7/]?$K@-]KT@3$`)'


W9CB_8A[_3CJF(\=+MGR


^FV6+800
Y#4LU&F*&Q]2

96[/F6F2]59R.F\<L7(?-(^Z-TT(`L7^\Z(@'+V
M5<Y/Q,8UH%&%Q%$XXS[[OI@/Q'JN4`[NVEG/SQ!/553C[`\!S9=B$U%H:Z(
MW-J
`S`MQ[1.3'M.@!I'-`Z-HDYJ^U*(Y9#P+U1Q+[75S-F
O&PG
.40IGRG


`S#M0*;1P\
PX.`Y
MO!T9E;
7F'

QF8KC?PHL!O9(
MLOI#_E'%S:O*03`:IX-1J2B
LK0WC/2/*I\(1K62



M@!)I0

:*%U:8I^()7ZM6(7]
M,D^@-81Z0A%L$`Y4`3K)-J!(EA\JT=8G@.;+L0F*()5RB)8Y68:%
$J3Q&L
MRC
%BF`!7Z`(5@6*8%69.5`$UAS.&N@%89BV!5A%E0!*OR1;!X8!H4P0+F
M'


MR.$
X3O:A_C[&


M8`XHD09$G`5*H`&8!W;40'YKG#5E?YM1A&*;GK47$HS6RCBY4=\
?/8/JS\R
QU03CR^1XD]]:<F?#O+&!,?T2]#=J717C#0H
M3C3%.?@-^6D!2)#=Z66W!6[0'E_:@YH:4,TV!JOS27SZHZS$M=!SV2WN!(_



MH)ZJJ4=8G@.;+L2FHEM`(G)K





X+Z;)PF*-V&S`G#BF!8

M5





M5+1XAX.+R?^Z@S&RIO./_T6I[Q*O/_W&RCFOOA8T:_



TCF0.9(QZ*5RLZJ(D3O/$H1H'3P#1.C@&2[O


M@*9W+GE!


%_@(R'2!CX!
%_@(



+



8BK'.XR`5PK1\18NZS*X2XBYEHY_





M!.2WRN
C(



Z!Y\!D3Y9_


WZE)Z[#\KV8?P!2P#KA
S^06RD#
MGR`#4A:*0HY!7.5PEPG@6CDBQMIE50YW$3'7RN$_YG1P@&/T#4_8)GQZBAY^

P

`W`]^AR+$V
MU6;!LI577YB9M]O

M6\V=
:'(7F$9

@Z'X<LUY]Z@&J!@]E3)/^.08\XPGV/Q&/\CZ&A+#1!\HC<-G
ME


MMN1Z0ZF;AB:IEG)58^=-^DK&7VT84H





4;


M
5N4[;8T'
5IZTVU8=7M1EMNZ;)M9[:HJI8+&!1#N;0MOWQ;9!
6[;:I-UNF
M3(%P]$:[(=&/\[4
#0!+A85V6BP
V90:FJHUVZ9&`T2M:;?FZSI#=7(S[$4Y
4$M'9DZWD'$?ZKI0#
PD!-551J'U$


!&K]?:3

M8#^3.\&S2!O#.AN&

$QBBW_8F
A3G;3DG9^H`12,D#*UA$'%9
MT!_6).90

@5V)9UT_5GQB8F0+YC1Q+`(DPC1)LF0F+23*H)TX?;


M6#FR6O_9R
A!$7UH0LB@8U!)#0J\EKH@Q

9&1I$I:
N=8
M

:A(0$0D@6/M8^B&W5/@BH-5WN<GP259TPLFVA
M`%8AAE$!.%0AC55!H)L-1WU+9#%X$\5_T:,X&UE!QQ(1$WHD@2&(^&VCALO
M;-H:ARGHW+=B9%NE0HMI*&NLP`:^1+UJB6@5RHQ8C&JY6SACYO6KY!ZMS


MD&\(UG[`?
B8E$#2

M.RT`S[D\G66XST$:R;T3QZ0J`U]Y17:7`



3^]06^J

O:N_-N(.B'


P^S%^
M]O-5+7@_5!T3JQTLQ=5B:X5K
M)BF\)'5=9_^:ILGCYAE%[KUZEZZ%%].U@!'JKD\!DR
;%;BXQ@Q1CI246!.M
MQ'






MRS!Y\M;
Q;0NIG4QK3V::T5G/1;?O6F]]E[\CUOZ9T]B94_L*'@)QK8^9)2Z


M.^8F;1WYTQX/E*4?2_CCMQ$D[3O9LA]',9YX@8O_1Z/^D\9;O?+;]'BS`6
M^%K9*-!^R`T/I6!A



V`9KK!2(F2S\(X


MDNO)F^3)

1IKB3$-I9S+
M18


*#2

M7:9[5+

YB3RN-XY3`NYU.6!WEVYY5YG!9N0+
;Y5E-.`7%

Y\

MFMT

MHZTZ[H]X_


(?:X/\

M^O:-)1=*3FR@?


UTH8PZDFC-M0^8CQ]2B'
M^7G:ZC/*#?E61I:&V@J))+=
H`CD1CG'46A
N%YN9^%3.Y;;?G8:


MAOTL583@&2@-L)0\B&B$HH@*ZTMPL@$V_@;/H


M;U&B^AV2G=YH`GF^2^:7I'MT!C]_4FFU__#D9:Q/P[I&4VGO;-MSQE?2]P9-




^[/OEN=&77O_
MEXY=X:RJKM^/BL1+
[CA52U32/Z3JA:YP)J[VR);DR0O(=^?U\D6:'KG#4`R
C2E;_`!$?E
MM`XUIPZM_&GY6U;^.RF?VM:XM#EM(1@5$NN0AP&-B$]$U&Q.R7TZN8TI:M-

V



.TH`A&6*(;!J6D?);
MWD#+U0ZK`\BO&R.I][7$;-*J8!I7P`G@!Q-NS6U?EOXL$QB'?4;#J.^!V*
M'T06&0HXQ[0Q5@12T&!NJ.UVHJO%.'/1ORNCD*?RA`'4C$LC+921%C
B2?6





5Z\N[B[;0-P\(4_VL%`
MLYM^\/DWX+\+^-1D7_#T--(M2P;;$H[ONU4F5TG%PVTT?]RVB7._8[X;SF]?


WLSEFDB^`?59AYU\_^(^?
1`





@A%
MP+8528#$+@%6X@1^6JR%S8
OPO-_PID$LL'2K@#GQ?@&MPF`;W_M-6BSGM(A

MKUX#(=


MA?_5['L#/\-;EVT5Y[UI#^-IKCM?19T*'=]`\X7'@%?C'Z
5K9-.@HM$5Q





MU7==?M
L=2+
P@ZB293&6&1U3KJZ/\8LD5=



MZ/+-YC^/E-V9)JV!)IYYGJ)3.[:+3[3*16#2ZKW+KQ=R^H(?8Q]-G0C*)6^\

M%TKUL
J3I%P*

B4


M/7LQ



J2R&1E5Y*#'



X*C)X'YE7

?Y`

K&DF2*W0CF9.7[O9?DW(`?IO;C



65/M4W8N=SG

GA!51(\.S@)

7`R-Z.MHQNCPAD3%0)



1DAMC@4&50#2U
MHPILELK88YT'^MS0//E@.R9@-0'8BP):/
9H

@179(
#S
M-NH`5HO)!O

VK:9BG;U)/%L`

MSXPP&5
9#$((JP5S=\)ICT`^C6B+S\W5[.L4?].'J1_!ZU?-/WYO#I3^OO41


MV94_9
&%M!DV=S_


XTD$0SL\U5($D)\JFVUI6V:R$J*=Q[H9X-X]ZWM
-V#\?

P&AH-WBSLMTN#
M!%@'JPCWB@/\TL&ZR@2X^W/3=FC`M?EST&!(


CAGHN.2!EI4

M&!P[#J*KS:0MJ(FZ4)#*KMJ$_D`;4J#JOL@W4?.0$L6+O1Q8S)X49P%\B`HT
MW2=H`7:CR_O6K__USW(]^3RC:

I$T=+[:C\S`-[
M[PVR84A[
&(39Y2+F`*VW0IRVV\Z15[EN;\I9(

MY+2MY_61KIJUL^*^7IL#)=`32N/T(S!U!8&37!P$*EA=SUN/AGD1*/&E3Z/Y




F3B2=:#0NIF)

P4KQVJPP%U0/(
.*HVS

M9*=%%LID[K']4
E!I:QN&L;%LP3'!HS!(]HG]\80F%.NQ0LSND$$LG3R'J






T]%





#M&TN@H_V
M3WU)



MVT-

VH`)7OF(0

M



MY^BT00-Q'95+*373)Y^![038



8UI[(2`[Y9#GNMZ5
M/)%^@G+/O/K8:+H@LTDH\Q(D$$P-45
?32I'J!.^?8[;DJ';
QX
!YD3W]



['`YN!]
MX)945\Y
9E/7=#BVP1+9:PO#-.=/C#;%!X_!N




M



MJL14DI%#M
%[4\/38*`Y9T=2V-&!YLVC/P6Q.MCQB!C(8P9
8%


S8\'I&?&Q7`R7TZ(PB`X
MET9';[



-[]Z
M4G_G


MDSJ2F)TGQ8Z&P.-
$CO:.T-@;H$'4P+O$X5FC\BIV\
+O)-D'`@D96?)Y7T
MI0QL_'!D


X!D1;!$
MBM&H5&


ME*-VI
I
+B]O
M5Q/XT]/%0+\?FK?W634@N`LAR*3)6/<6N%-5J`A2=$W7C2F;,.^G\Y-1;(_0
M=%CP+51
60II.3.R\CT.B=GW*;1@GSZT'17;;Y]GC67PF46D3/0F
JTXSKY

K(+4074'T8CB^



U6

7

($/QF
7B_9GH8H3N&JTLQ


#`Z1T95_;=H@WD.$%*
M$*SUOG0U2&L(I1PF@


PWC!/F=;-^AYNUG7J'O[M*8&3L?NJ2A#-A2),2D5
M.BZ4-G+-.G?VW]T2::(G=)YFL4AG7


Q#<#
M6=IF
X*L$^=-X&[W)[QTS[YZ/5L6W^+%


M6`4ZD(-



QAHN
M
:1;G@LRVT[(T'3?3W)C(SSG4@E01A\E1L:#


M&S24
-N9[LLCTK;GAJM+$E.7-SVY=Y7YAQ?QNB-W?GYZ;TONW89$%J3/+DD0

BR)!


M/C%U1\$8&4#:X+

!.U0O`JDPTL?'+)
M57DA++;GP2JS71=W


MSG2Z)PGRZ8*62C9O)%(A*;M]__IWBHL6:[$EDQ(E%Y!


MI;B71C1*9Z4
I&
C2D9&/K_-Y;_G0(D1`1N

MR6A87CT`5!@S2J@
E2HPOE=W_+]H.OOA/VR

MC$SF
E.T;6![X-'0&#VZ3_*G)I9`0SB6-/Z*4D36:&#;^!W]?^WOK!\&HC*
M=`I8E'CGQCC-C#C/YP;5!BF
!6R2MK!KPKN40RR7*19?E-^C83(WJ,LE%N
MW&412-W(4+TNLA+])4J/,5QW*PWY36;#.(]N)S1A3'+XB$\-TD+8P)*FZ

AA1KB9;/7&D%A;JO\OW5=/Q('-5\LB8E36$RE&\@JB'




KAVE\

M23[$Z3P'D8_FQ7V:J03R\4*TG'K[.(Y9WE9.+K+
'XXFIE.&_CEI1_\IMZV5



X83&64_?E9^0]_6HRS2PT1G]GLE:)EFEKT=*BI46K`]&R


Z50&LA2%\F\O21










MVDMT]'[NWZIIWGO!\-]75JK.J61Z@$?'$=2%Z)#M*![M3I!S-]$A]%NR)7



M^C+W6M-H3:










M^[O:Y/1:/M3[Q7:(]&_S(B^BJGUH5!BW\BY.E%E3N\=4JK\U/ZNS?N3G7#$D
M7%=)[R6'7)D-U3L3WO?.!
L:M%=QH_=SKS5-3S6-!DX#=\;X\(0@]AZXM]8K
MLR\X













VER6_/0+NU()MD0$S/WYGV0/-AYH/S\:'0C.?
<'VX73/@V0(HW?):,]^Y
MF,_42^R:_;3QU0S8%^T\=7
]UZ8[S#MMY)3^%/9Q'S;]4=-*=QWFQG#B8RR


MI!KI/#
4@TQGD_1)2F
4`QL7:09W)`&8..B&2@_CD'3B_NC4FJ!BFSJ1$G


M*DD`B9A6UJ2T(K5



M&FT$%H_QJ+B'/V%
=9ES
+.3:);+3\T?/SQO8+@D:G6=;.FFXZUM6E^QU%82
M\^

^S+^Z[^U

7U

MNDBKGHW[&.^^A&Y?9E[K&:UGM)XYCYY!-]SL_BAG7^;^]*'7=458_Z@/6AC-


OLQDB[%&SP_N+U_RUKV]+1R+Z_1`


')Q'V5-S
MSG$930V
?\!#\J(\N&Y$ZLSO6

MP_19+)



MS@POA&B#Z12#P8=8GP^_P//A
)LS.52U#9/NA*!YK1.*Q%$DSQ]93D5:&C
P&8SH<@E]+1:@$=#E$BXGA?<.SBN7
MGW2Y!



]JZ:$*?


M(7R%RL3J(



GU
6^[Q1:KO1TWOF]L*#;BAIS2GH



H]:!V@=H'7`(3J`M-:J




M`IFG/AS3A]
Y^GS2.1#0YY/T`0%]/DGST0D.FNCS29IM]/FD
\2QX;)V+@10
M=4Q5E;;1B1^]TM4:/(+HW-#)..0=&[]WI8FTXMER=


M39

M
;1'+_6Y)]PM0O\ZGMS);PIJ.7ZN[
M3TKFU[/G5Z]5)MI:\K@BF6@ZY_52$IRJF]]RTLLNZKTDU8^*%3K5NLGRT]\/
MZ?6NUZ)VB/[?DGK]:2.\B0KC5M[%2:+BGW1<AC*]S''U)CNADQ,Z:J3H#H)




?MYT\*^[!#WP$4(`J

CG8+_/UW__YIWG^



M'UV'8XO;/A*



B#S$/A0B+`'G41XQR


M_V


)/Q$:6Q3%*AJ!15DH@B`
?8H=#G_9`0D(


XHB#RJ!@4[S09F/_4V;0B@3
MK4S;Q3GP.D%JV
RBB@H&
]R+#

ML\
'JR-*




MX1FRY+KX065FHLFDZ:V1R



LC@IY3';H13'=D.Q2#?R4I?
9:(C)

@L[;0(/!'&0


M\&
K4'*%
!4..!@;OA8E;Q:K=7K?

M$TX1H?C8(2]H/'J4OZE%P%_39%AQBE-Y08=-L(
MEWL\








MXYW?.3K+UJ9ZBQY&+6]
[':;TVFV

&9598*V]-^UE:OO
MSYZDWAA


FG9$\?`U.@^OEC7#&8@H(%PL,(J2KK

M[J88R/

J(A4EID

PI^)MJI+


%YAC]:Y\V[R5E=7J:6M4JR*X)=)&]2/;(;&I3%E/

N+B7C').F.]11@.[2OS@G%X9DF:2KF+


&$6FM+
M&4M
3!
?ALE!0S@Y0OMEA[@
%*0/6E((DQ/;L:UPL8A@!]MEQS3M:T)HOXZU
M53[/
2&B%
3#S+5]FRW6/EUSNT'I+P_]=0Y!XSB6H\]96G_GJ+NK
.%0;+#C
M60&C3(#%00Q!RW;NJY]G9L\(M.T5'$GQ5_3*%3(I]@,853!

=13:
J5!#Q=J%RH'WJ#)6J]])*


MB$*81+W%.%W/VQ93?%0#/9#[3S'0_?P

MS]`FMXGE4.*!D^19/K$]?^%74V+M$%ST8I!\_G'OYV\8HR4(
1VNFIM2)Q3!














M#2C!3==U*2
^6$UP/ICC+PZAFSYV%%#X
EOXT:6_[[`_@]$`PMD`=M;
M]Y&9!*@S)D









M%
%FQ`B#B(O(_WAV




MG@BY7G
F$Q
M:^QBE=9KOO
SG9_I_
SK^!E\@51CT6KK=7^HIVG@]I%#2FR'%.O^2S'-)!P
MK^*D8MRJ@!E6CK`

U
MIA@6F`J



`J
M^[XFAW




7]
H5U3^=W@`7AN6EQ:-)I\-;@;%
N@[.VI3#WW7#+T-4*Y2B=EW#%VF
MHZ39<'3_^=1#.Z$






M9G8SGA1C!;=




M28DUT8HPWDF@FZ/88KS]#N;?/1WS=G
4.SO:SXY*LVFLOMZ9S7LRFYUCTN[8



M!FGL.%R'0=X\!A&HN;M&VJ[Y#H

M2(=!7J?D^=3?__Y?\^GEEU[O_ON?QN/^U\%P:$;]GU?GW4QQW
T/IM?#\70^

MD\$T&XUG924X[U]E/\^*$F\:J[$8%5K4BH??LMXL


]EX


(LR@ZIDD@[J4T5+REU



8

*MC=02ME*BT623



TWO6


+<6^'FD5+;AE5+$O*G^)=]OPCR-@


J\B5`?`5G5R?BPN-

[3QOQ[RL^
1V8VFPP^SXL\


=&2Q

_DMZ25$#
'
`,EB$.`;NH
M)`T582']AI?A,WEFR[+*<&]8=HS)[@!@`7,H%@Q'S%9V&ET5MV\/7TM%J








MP$3L7+BLIJ+6N01GXRPC7'-D`/HP!YPF77*C!(:UN9U+=:S]



?8



`(J4!E[LQM[8BV`_LJ62FQ-)5'BTT_OK]U51

&B]:+')DL1*`6(!



M4'+Z+E?7?LYKJK4=`$6]F7AO


OYO'D)#NC7#-]HWNX














MXA$&GQ!M
/C4\^#3Y](\D;9()SU47?`MU
L[Q@?M1T]NJ^'`EJ/]I9/(=F.R





M)U$O6W#T:/Y03UR


8#/OL`^$_

MN=U8J?#-
J:SM:R.=[??A3Z1L&ZUP[Q4OB8YJ%[+;&]?^%4B5B$H[&
!F!3.


B[B.PPSS[#[KYS['!JYCF@8WN6
X


MZ\%#B


4B'03I
MWQBEXWS`+,.BS':(95LFL2X=I:(#R@R#N*;+B&TSQ[Z[.!T=F-1T.:&6;7#K
M#D=I7P4`&*?$^!+&*1&/NA2G1+1!M-FBS=%-9S\?99U=4VJ[')
H647;]\C

M88YNT^;Z%W3]\-_*:C#*5;]\668&!Y^F*K=X`G?`M\5R\JPE(A7)DZBK.=.U

Q21.PBR*ES_)



!J/ALD%N?I=






M*U$`


MHS-


MV
V-2T26)\MTHS?]S^#S0*E63V$2Q7D*7P@SH:[
8T`D[5]Y$J73J.@[
M!^
MB[)';1XM(AG:%'].Q$K]H)+G9.;I
E:9E2+1TOSA7RK#
8;[8*G+L$A7G!7?


ML)HE\4);A



E



U.
MCEI?LWNCK^_-LRALRW0\YIC$\





_BY+E\


M[3*K2VLEO?G*DK*U:BZM3!)G@'1OX7)=+TM@*0WSQ[C_.LC`&&[?EB@1!%8
M+OLJ;[#\`#1YY&0K!)D/]RVB%5MZ.^R#E2AM'Q.`4MB5-WF576DJC^5WU-5

4
MQ!4]QK%JY/0@Y(9+VE'
(Y\72H:6EJT/^W*NON+;Z89Q@X!=*V2*@\
!SX$#
MS--8PMF7[*%HSC[^I24YC70_FO+Q#;\[9L\+E`@


?&?-[+%Y1/H)5
M?Q.G&I.\Z



AA4!
M]9Z0@[)W9SUO6OH!A+'&W`)&%3!K1(+1B/$A*Z
18_BALG1*#HJ@II9^`&.8
M9=IV8
)Z[1%Q`L;LD5


MVM/AW(\7BWCY^1'LZ=3+LB1ZR%7*U9?XEQAH(
W$M/A1I@J-XV0F(O5[$
E
ME^7T=-0&XP^L$&&S!X#AP]`RI:JKLV=74:3JB\#BZ]H*'57Q(NAS0.=S1V
M26[/AOY`+3L


M!QZUZ-AW'



18;=5(AO5W8

O)K-Y.G6[&4S_J)H*T?3M]'$ZD+W+10TWU?P*UG=[


Q.U@.K]+*BW=Z
7U8'2S)%_
1U\;HM9-
M
Z?!]8YF*X5'DRD

Y^OJIG
?SO)`*.)Z?1LU.P5*Y/J9:KE&9M
MS?G

M^-(LU1%.$O-WD
!





[KI?K:



\

M&\S6H\5W[1V/!PG
/5$$:QH%#])*K)3K&E(H5]!MI
0;91&E!(=+N&M&N*C!


)G/MD1+%V.B-.HD':#2NEHX5


MFC
%40R&Q&1:MN*A\%/U&MF
7/L+=TJU-M?^JEJ$*B*X-]9$XB5C)M$SEV=?

MEL;(*
`<A*P.HV9?<_UVV5#XHD
ME!


M_'WQ^[\2$W4ZAMRJ[;'Q_O)S-;A)'\X^5.




3G$@+O*U_WU%EF
MN;`BN&`

M*T([^KL6)4BB&+^`R?S

M;#ZMYJ.F;*OMG]L+3%_CYI:32L[6@MR=QH;4U17D


G=$?:)-(80!%5:11TP\X;EC5_$=!DJ
MA#@Y\IFY=!-*HB3\9S*N$EME\6)Q?+=OJXP

MPQUFW&:4)[#C


(FM
M`I

M1*)WT%U)UVF'(.D

J:ND.WD-@#)
M7[WY=S7;9=ALBA]FLV?@B05


@3
MM:6U

WQ6



AZR8Q0*HG%1!
M]@



(_F4*=5E/OZ\?US]@F`!L'T(B%NEO8-)VNVD\\==




/\#
M!%F'+


M
Z]*


MLQ8FJX1%B9&3+GKJ;4193X**J^9@SDJ



X22(29P4$*F


MG7H2G%0T`
@+'$IT
&PV-I=IM2FC*)I%$;%S

M\NI.'3PD$%L.?!Y;J78&'SM


M6P
@D6)\ZE/[1]2GN)AL#R6\$

6F*D]M\O93HKBK
LA==G(#HDI[DH4
M@_B&0]HIS,,$W]5S3*:#-VLUT]A%K47-.<_1FZYM!YS?FK!CVT6*BQV$)XQ

L*Q
M5L@J;6D<RQ$@X(B.<5SB)3188M_?2I;U<\W/U@729CA_RUF\Y0PQ^GDQKQW





MCI)
RI2$F9LYZX40L-C?[F*Q+\3R.5B9E1
7F?7Z7+=LJP!L7ROY*'JU!8D)

M88%
6T?
=4S
K]!N9P7R5HN/DNT(+0Q!?</Q;4R0




SA-8MRS[B6\]O2H]Q3KD$]3\9K
$
PDR3T*(.@6
;LB/WREWGN1:J

C2
MYS9U#'3J$(-RSY=9?*0R:KECUM1@X8+X6'K\&H[C(,N*
MIR=W)BM\'S\
0QSK#/!!2`-45.VV7

MN[YI4MTW=






)4];Z;S)`LG6O+P1?[R

M'
RS\

M.$(QEY\^&7RD
TP-$`6@-'SPYOQUK_3./9ZF*.?(R-3@(YG5%8Q-PU#G'@
M:
2YR76.3
:PP0Q3OPX*[&*+)5






ZPH,Z9^]%V.4]HW9?7BE6]RVO?2I4YH.2P?I
M-R951IXZ3@Y(;UT$VHKGR`U5)RAU@MI7I;V)E3F-9CLG2.U28`82RFQ4QRAU





LO:0+Z


+;MA

C5M76H-&WFZL0C

M:_H@87SNP#_D


M=USN.M3UG*J+JDV
6BMVS`4RR

M079H^U
NJ@4PE&-/KH=YOFUZNN\0SUW;XW[-4M/I+A/F]#M5[\)H+[)H%F;9

M
&3MZF_:3TPU3T3Q`<H7(<Y
MMDD



(Q&S5.L+$-3M()R!J







5[8



NI65
WG`
MAM
5.`&5





M?./A-

MLNITJ\&Y]5_*I-=URL#WEVQ7TFYY4KGA=5(/]CN/
WYJL:J45::_YVCS=(
M(_.=RU3-Q;SHA[CYO2=@M;_+WZ^67L/_

MTVP#/BN`M\J6+K+&M_

M_V&C*D

V4.8!/KA%B
5)OC1M\(7

[T4


R`G83SL%BWEBQR

7


\M5RMP()B#`$#?


M=L-(95/F@L/*'/WR_3)?.I*S*LHBE*3J)B?\1*O6WZSZZ[UL)UXD(B]77N;G
M1[



Q`ZG2A=?6@&_MV\YY2/,16FS@5G.CU-F^Z-

MPS&4&G(
83
?_K

#))K)PUAW41,#Y@T5^3WDP0EB90DNJON3/7^
M`3D`'E$224DD)9&41!H.CRB)I22DDB#EDCJM+:_)+KV`E3_12K@@F+^.QC
M/)MM)6M[OK(^16J\T1FFAK+U?2MQI:NO2`]F,$**`HHB@**`HH5PD497)U



*LP

K.9X
K@BN*X(K,A1\@4.0X)#@D/:N\]09(W=`+Y(
M*X)DC(.:-=/OA.(^%W=63T-_[9A?#7+KFJR@5]`KZ!7TJBNR@EY!KY3+JB-!

MT3OMB4A_

MSAV_Y5_9E/`TSN8




M]R45;]CV^[
-;$-H\G#OJQFKG97CVM]M*:

2(G




X[EY&4W!<OOU[/W-,'BCX(+2='-*=U\O9NJ)&E6DIS1J1H4!=Q

VV5HB9YE.A@?*J4HZ7S!DMJIS5SY@*:6R^23
)%GF0
MHRVI4HY?BE6GHHGS6OID-L\FPL)R;NS!:L5X^EW\A7%&X](/;';'Y*J$]S


MJ$JCB_)EQ`J5B!G.:6(UCY:J5FND_

M$Q

R
MX*S-=%&P=ZM__
_SX'$]J


M.&P'%S#$\/S3N16J&5,Q,+/L5S-JEK_]=XRILLF2YW+&W'!YP%/3HP.A-J



MRV&YOK+&J*;

-#BX*B4@3;$*A-0FW299+K
MCY3GY)XF5=U89;.?$4J44*)T2(F2TH9V!DPV4&X#%OR..HI!^H7&#026X^$T
M3.1=!W[$Y*SLLI3DIV<;0VBAF+'/K0U#E%4@4S3)
);'ZRM6=8L+W!A7$BJ
M]Y+?3_-%DCVR7#9_;3J;RCZG.BRL2X;4OFQI.'?!%#5`\FC.4M0E0X%=()LZ
MA0B-^B34)YF&B+4+%?5))JV1@[#N)V-&?1+JDPS88T69DBG;KWVI%6@7DQ=9

7H4SI



M0/%:L]SKN7CGLB`YB[.[5/QX*KN'E3








:(%

M-II


M:G!CR;WW8L&8`&/K!R@#R&^[ZK;,#%]YA&_GZ^16%'-Y\(A_2ZBN.:@^F5`
M7NR,R'FS_]G_4?T;6+TK93K[[@G!MQ!









M[I^
FV*JN<U;W'T+%O]!]?&%T_T.3NX\[H\@+)M[YVX^'(R?T[1#]
MQ[\5;Z^







ML_Q1/F3K


3?#KG




'/OH&PWT38`E`P
$
ME@P]
)P;!@0
M[`7V`GLQ*.0S*/VZ7RH.P[L7:K6'@:-%=IK[W(W`)AF+I&]LTV8(@!
6%X_


)!

5_(.A1Y='7.;ZJZ

MW9)`1UHO[5XSN3,-#?,T=M``KV9NAOQ0]70ODDKNK%NW[20Q`Q:%*P\BH6!
M+CKHVV282X3&89-^==U/\T62/;+\:+J97N:F24OT/JQM$O!



TR



MQ)JCN


9G+QQ:6#LZY7].R(


PA
MPPG7:/YER
(

?%NZ.EL![KY+A7G!SH
MOU'^=2%L




'9)=6UA`#Y=/](


M%6'I:#\%PF`WA
'N&_O*ODW90#Q1I-IGMAH]&^?5\UP`XGWIO39AA3;E7YP.
MD\&S2DK:L





=?:@-U.9);6A]?J+K=^-N9GAPX&:I%L5$K5;<=S@OJ%QT#AHW*4$U_9P
MC8_S0(T#%]1K#
W8;)6T+59CLQ0
:66C%1CHXP\?L!V\J'Q4T9VV
0$(``*`

5-&3NM=@A::;


B3D9CQC^*%+6[DN[H


MI]
L_9:







M57^9A3/HA



X*);=;$AD3(G/4`^:R'QVT\L5-/OY23
M#_3G0M9=X]T)ESX*ODZ'G]UUX/.#J_W2RT(+9Q[JB\/5WL3SYD9/.@1$25W2
ML')AKFN8/.FX%GP=1J-
L_$KCY!!39DV)!A;M5^$*UXEH=5%:R_G(0_]T2N




R2HI$
M'+_R[O*7_\KN?[B)WHE


MR-%NZ
Y2VDZPSAO*!Z%V:6?LGO&_#S\6W-JYB[




M7E:_?Q995`_D?ED\I**0U7#CTKN]#T&?(]7PO






MBTMKJQ'

'8TB)')[
MPJRR32



-.:79NU3%CMP@ZH6FY[DNMW)-0_<7JM(W

MD[K:OYA6YK/;EGF1Q:)7;T0/M3'CVX^AB%X2


M
\:*O*OU-W]&?/'G
AF)9_-9#/IXFJ5_5AN\7
NJ&Z=?V(1E\6CTJ-WS949;
M&]P#93^/\YO?ZJA&F-
BS2I1O!7Q+K/A*;ZFIWY5]1ZM2






`\:/L\B-(R*QXP$3`1CID(^]ZR

L*Z7NQ!XZ!QT#AH'#0.


4VWHQO2TL8I
-K+






MKHLB=7`/PST
3.S
6-$UX!P&)H`)8&*W-6&C.#8P`4P`$[LQ(2_638&A!B:`









M!J@!:FI&C=-QSE#+2Y7!!VJ`&J#F4J=#)EA3J[/XRGS\V(T49:.M2M*KWS
MABI2ZET5(;7R@(G:'6I)JYVERE#6;9S`!@$&K@H#AMXQ'82A`P/`0)LQ0$G'

$Y6P1EP9HL?
MM.

MU.9$OC)?L7`#S_S%EV2
*M)HY?D2M3NV367U7)6AK-L&@:D!#%P5!@RK0QUI



M9AMHY#EE1]Z@`:@`6@N9M$`-``-0`/0U`N:F=*X5*?U3S=5-`\`6_`FTL9
M-A293VMU*K?*=XQ
8JT_C2)=SY75;U4&LFX+!88(('!5$-[%!``!`!-D.`
M=%T4K`


M&18/;TVRCW8_5ZK]'SZX'L0A*OG:T#UCFVZ+?IXRF(OL9J=
/)%([:0NGB/1





MXE=Q8@S5(!Y'2?'VY#4_








.CS\_IPI=*)@F'+SM-*93Y'
'8?1__.LF&QAA4`&5K0

MO@^T?NOVFGW+7FPJY3;AK325K6ZJ%?JF0^V^[UD/.`AV)*UZ+/Y$)3'=MV





ML)-2.$*THZ9BXTZNU4/'%(Q;/F.!=*0@P-YWP^@)LISX*;#6N7$-H8Q=4X
M[=3TP:UUP\`


M3ST!\!`6QE/:U+981X9S/2/2]RDX.P3(1KHBZ+N./]-80@1?Q*8EX(=N#.-&

VNAAYRUI:UKNG4;=I!9EL_[7K]/2.!0AQ`@

F'J_K33

%2%E#AA-



MJ;HK$^+$^*YT7058T:R:.!RM/@!OO7(89[O&.QO6
6U35C5WS[UZ'?)@//3W







M[8FY[H/PYY;;)-8CIFS
P=M6CEW1


W%EK_35V*];F3??+



.*%/`TH(Y2P4/K6G&QDP-S1;7QFX




-R\7#[1ZU&ML[MLOJ@;G2+N=*#XV
D'L6
MZR5ECR'5;)/)/


[LI$$[8
SQ'N`-T89H
M0[2AA4/


]
M:F/*#M&&:$


MBSL1X-Y7(7O?`]F-3A'93)TXJ-








*@@O!


MT9_NCJFX7:3BC@:=;63#$:((480H0A0ABA`]#HBBC]NI&3%[WX/0C4Z).-:3

M).KCR$V2;%`MR?PX^I1$:74L=_%%/_8+R

/X


/U'QI-C%TH(ZJ&UHA3([H;6R/3@POC
M

-3UI1KH*\K
.%-&/AMD(RJ
J+H#U%QO!SLR4E4:E_#R;!@/X.)*

N-/&F6@KM^+-RNALDJ2=_UUMA.3
MLZ$%7*\QCZK/:-''HR\_C[_T#3+QU%R7UOT-;










#VF6#B9Y






-U**8TL.YAD[['`=*7


M;;8C[%EB=][AP9'?`1:HK-P
;*VE;FR$
O9=^5_VU&-]V*[

M:!BV(Q?
'S
(JL

MZH
T@/


9



^S08_;


M;N[HE\VU2=SK36NE)QE&6)F%
855(20UQV#:)A;Y:&:37J#4X?ZT_7O9Z@
M^%(F@O)0D[K*&&)9J^2!XZ`\!.6A!IQR7YGS80HG@\.OOC%Y%(Y.J*/$!Q
N


M(\E%YC`G*KQ+[MPEJ2-?6]XC6A;?OI-K=.3_#=X_H


M




M3
20E`B8US/?7]WI?5C))&`C/L
X0'1

NOE%/?PF@2JLZ@2X-`
ME0#;F,DV@H!5`F@2HS

]$R=S\XZ%9]_%XNX_+
HWB`N
[O+*'X`G$FML\6@

MXJX35UOFFVAY]=BZTYLMM17/6C?`Q`T#9?;W*)U
81S=AMD@^3/.8O=+VBJS

M#2!X-





CB6`%:#OBZM:1#HZS(R2V`.-QI'

M
.ZFG..U.@`BJR.$E8EW9QW)GQ\7;Y#KQ[IW`GY4;WPI-&Y!*&D2$K`+HE9)
'!S/53(+?RIW`7

M(1ER@D:3@.X0^
%P@K4C\$^XQ@Z\/8#IWUP'8'H`T]OD\G'.*O)1@%6'OC(
M-#X('P#0/C;RFESDKT?J84)`9T
^1+`PP

MJDAAP&$#1MX`2V^IHNBE7BBO(\3U$0
U`''7283](H-AD4EX?)9?XN7V`JI;








MA]+].P9(!

M3HA:)5D4)`MB+3L&
]DD7

-N&#8W]\1D_H(XO&4'!=1=B\.:;-=N6V6FL/D
E)FITYV2


9FWG@6


RZ?\]^;E7BQ4[[WMW?%XK3Q6/PR4O$S


X/#FAX
H#J26H!!9L!'9_'1CFV4

'N41AALY@[H!J@LG5
MA*[I(E`];SNL78)@A`=H&M`TH&ET:QI
H%-!7^S5K1#KQT&EJDTE8P`]-$=0

M)YM@BH

M
G4O8$(+%5``FLCLB55ZT
51GW.$)C+@H_/X:


M@`XXXT=3WP


MO!-(=&8X14&$XN9?[[ZLYLF#^!$]3:L^FNW.Y--&3!R
7LUV
M*[\=;2#<Q\]BB)4$RMGG2:/L?Q.E&TG460P^`$&/WPX^($._
`+L!\R%(0!
M02T

M^P!L`V








\^=J)E\9]RYVA:/Y`9G+

%X2`@R

MR#@)_8`1C#R*FQX

LLK
WAA/3,9LAGWI^
)'A6Q^:3:
M&
*&9

#]*8`8#$J+0)XSCD(6T\?0=&?@AP0'W/
I(R'NX
M5Z
=D`$Q)/D
`$/H($I@4)S



)*O1

M.

M(/(3B66;
$+H9XX![)`\;IU2=:OINRI_9L2-G80V`&907]J4NI1KVHL%*[LA

MPOSPT)RRN^

$0D09\SWR

M30#N6Q_?T^)7-;#;(KP`R8[;;K3!Q_1TW8?OYY^S*6ZIG=0T
#^`OR#R;G

QH&
MG+

MLC=R!%;;7P:8+N68KI]1O&I36$V.
W4G92W/2ARI^X9
W42-KO78:R[W&J3!

LC9C]8;T']2V-D]3)1/H8SX5S6R4P+_'HNS1%_8@W
MH`Z`8JML:;;Y8-J[*4];\5'F2]LJ/H;@LVRW66T#FCLQ9^Y(OI.W/W3.%#:3







VAU;V3'Z


M:F#N.GHN\=.*])]26VP*L8S`)!EC

Q%R(`M4U;PG4+MJJ!OLJF&
MQF
=E=
H714/S+Z)].;_V;NVWK9U;/T^P/P'(C@%
H#CB*1$29W=#?@2S^[&
MM
VD.1CL\U*H
I
(6Y8\DMS+_/I#RG9BMW(BVY1


CXM-RTEHU3D:9A6.[0)HP

R47
M5UY4










M0\('68YF;=

MK:8P5*^CAQQ9:(+V%AN;Q.Y10X
Y60RAGEU?%E'5:U&IH42OH::++MCI
M&BNL0RM``D`0`+=)@%UWH@NZG0Z;C


/;__/6O?T'HEX*;


M:'KC93S=?DSN.8A?;OC=F[/)F!C8_)?YQ^WXT^K)G\;\+HCX=
@C\4-V'7I1




M*)'K)GZ/T(/WA2



V_.C+/\=T&E_OKW_7'_-9AF#^)'\9U6]7G4-OGO+7
MZQ_^_B
C/[W49N#ED=6=PIQ_B=!-_BYOSIC9MP@QL8TMZKH





M1J//R]`SBC^+!R^[JWFIM)=^7T3\B;.HT4
R-GY*[M)%EIU

0DSBY

[L4)`^5YOY?C[!'GSARX+;6^^;O/B&^W'D!^&R`VNY
M'/I&)MLT

*CB

L669Q\1Q






MLBKS'5ZH?VV=]U5L\QA]9=77!TM4%WS)ZZ!=CH8;8.=T=1TI469H'BW!=F^Y


M0QQE5*'+2H(=4AU5N&'@!U2FERH6?T$25W6'NR08\F%&.@B7]@S&-7S1%

+6JL
M2S



@?Q3+3

+A1S^Z^TYOOQY<F1SGMULYU.OB^?$W7QHLZ-

Y[_^]Y5I'O7S:0WCKO^+8@.KT
M@U:Q`VQ5-.KG9SEI@!2(+6@06V@IP'I[#Z859OMI`L.M(U=--TX&BU2\9(\

6Z4
P3]$Y)BB+$;8@


'.;HCY)
-W


MU
A1O?T1V;R.]HC+R9SI4!1DDM42&HV[+E)

MY&
OQ2D

E;9N:M*91E@WM]*?/F$08*0DC)8\6

-Q6_<[.'D9?P


M.[+PPK;ZQ*2



MM)
/X.=$UEWCPPFG3@6W

^K)9@&$LVP?@

/H6850@S'%-FS+GT)8
RM[(Z3^V=7`$WO&AK1W:^T+ZK=FA
+;Z!!/3


3:L&U!'\$]
MI]K'0I*:%X9KF9V+PRC^M.3@+K&*Y*U-TLS=NB\ZN87%)\J<[1TTBB`,5&
M0A%8$:!8Q3_X&EO%Q8KR!!I)-5FP?$0^53<3^((Z!7GA_ZG-I15WUE$N7!P

L`RP#+%+%
#1XNL`RP3%
$

:)3TPN<26S'HX9<4#Q]8*
M+[N-
R_
AW`]-K]%68QFFS.UT%P.U5*VS^DCUF8I

3!]J[*+DSKJRK1?DF:SZ[B+I8=[-G%/+\&N





M*I[K^=F%ZS+'(;8S&IM#F[A#FYH3;-G$&KBF/1X:9[_^@+#GZ&07N)X#Z.;&
M@^6FDB


LOJ4&8Q0V\'

M7?





MG

:CBQL

M]QU


73L*[U

*5ENQ48
MZ$KJ[S$CM1(2G60$``$``%`@('MMXCN[2?88UN!=ZO[T&9GFYKE]P%314_*
MGH,5,C?E)N=NV=KM.3E^V!:




8D4!=(%4NS9\

MN
A.(#O1A=@\LA/(3B!DC.R$PFL)J!JR$\A.M#A6C.P$LA/5@[960GD)VH
M(3O!EY@(`B([H;2WT5)T@50[^L!IOBEMR=Y:
#4M._%I'J1\_1T]#

XX`N\



TG
`08PC&&(*=Q;A7N?\:_(_F3!7NK$ZJ4]DT`
M'EA5B
Z$HPU2@!0@A7PI4$WG
M7H7N2CNW5X'QEL(*G+R[MP[],TVRC'PH.M/5B1J5#\PJF4%-/UQMLWAL5Z.N
MM,B(RNI1B7N#W!@!!@=*QZ/:HZQ=\LXP`@P`HP`H[(\(ZKY$D^G4%@]`/`
M#!2&T:NYCGR3J106#T`(\`(
%(:1J+PSG;@&I47YVY[./M]/$JFC`S39$H&
M_!UA/.=/3C[.6%JTNT/9+])IV^FCZ;8A2Q0*##;R[@UU;!30'8!BNQ1
5Z.F
MM&BR`H

5.CT+GI/D
MY6L4&&T4_-82(3W_5Y)E;\BM)2*T\87L5(V7@N5:D0T2TANR4WPO4XDJ1S&
M+YE5[4SSN):\T\\4U@TDG-OF'*FL;2#1


C
EKAGG(.5<`!4`!







H*#)D(3



M##6'FK=:S6\F80HMAY:W6\N'R3S-)U!SJ'F[U3S





IJGDJTH3&

MOLXU--V2=NZI\H
/U``U0$T]J+'YXLG$N8-`#5`#U)2
&E=S*SC+2Y7!!VJ`


4!U4_

LQX*\*



5UIZ1Y6A!`:``6#@$&^`RMRJK\I0


V=L)*\1##?VGM=NXL[RXR3E]
M4SP

_(VDZ@RD(``(``('+8<0)D6(``(=!D9L]%<8:
N&)7BC-V!QRW=`NK
M$R_*;T'$]M/G7HF\CJ7*#WW9[@IR;@`-0+




S)+

4/2@%6_*YM
?WL_OM.?33(
P^[YE6:YY]OL/
MFK4+(]N4:I=BKL^A5,R8A::&A3Z\,\4+,E7U)LGYJ*;\WH0M)*8)18GFXAFX
M9B1I_I:/QI0K:,PY6O5SRX9RS0RGJ?B34([A%ID1CMF/SW/&9/O#9U$F9
M(:=!RC]Z3(*


M]IC8BH?Y[
<=(1EQ6_W2_FBZ])-%[<1_@SB/=`C_;7
MHY7:2`N'0FVZI#9['\YW^'&6A7(EADJ6.YEYLNHQ:H*7=KK#N0KI'C*0X:
M!XV#QJDON,Z?'OTAC,/I?%H$-H.HZZV)-Z\6NY;UW2P%6]/1J0BK/!2#=+H8
MQ-)<U(6`J!`QRE@4?0OKBITU_A%QN(4E#M1.W'X.N/QL8TJ%[8'Q(LK\+T]

M97M6%#3!V#:[C*Z\G7NO4L5)4(81Z%IK$4&MG`4-1T6!8N14FT*--U85$(
M


`/





M*0JO.3K0K6!S$!/-4J!'A^G12FW0+`5J@V8I-2SGG]9C:TNP.HU1Y0!(V:G/

MCKS

BGBU$CMFJ?]:27B3





M:]FV_L`S#/O2-



J*36K



0OFW\N=\EA6@;N@HI.0+;D%7'
ME@K(WK62XMX*##:&@H
*TWE!2=!



M

$+5XX'A15/S#118`S5`#5!3+FHL

M
D;FN5+:U*KREB`^``.'`(!SQ+<W1PH
*@8^-7&\LX8W)++L-
G`
3
MQG


O:\SR/)AC89I?1



MHN[3BD@J:^.NBL*4/;]C&N^F?2TF



M_:2O6*89?IRQ-


L8M
MB]M:-!\S;C1)]OCB/..6%


%GZ[\J_?_^O
\


MUPTWF00INQ#L&/!YFL_MQ?77.;^D/WO:



M_)WF#@@.S6
ZS=B'Q0]KZ%M]OCY`NE69%+#!^5@\S#_?V'9/=VS'U_W`=7W7


_-#U+)CF5R<JSO/5(!7H$*




M`9A5)]?_RHK'I2T\]4]]0U;WEPY./A&D+8HWXSH^UQD&KR^$'/`!8!B^#?
M!^&Z1C@$1IHQ?KINXPR2=



9?\*$

MM_?32%C_Y9WBX9-/?L01OYW
8=Q/;K`V@/O$
IV!8QG^^;GNGP[T07`R6`S@
M/C%MO_8!W*LB;@B!5G(B=[HD([^CV`W







T[;T3UGT'X8\JW*L[












`
M@WH


MM2&3*+#E16)4WWF)-OZ&F-


(^F/PT79\M&;C7MD

M7='!88








*_TW[Z_H7_RV5RFCPVSY





BMCL*V%(:W\

M/#UNR^H0SX
IOX]8QFESO+K





M7;#RXO*'K1ZS6S9&
3**D5&




(#\+8`.P`=AT!VR0G]5$58QZ




MB*9UT2@JFM#ULZ+KX!IAI=Q)++1_CK6)_&JECB%UQ$0YPH'CP''@./4)A_QJ

$+5_S
M@YH2M!3D*DCEG3
#77-2!3RK@?48!6?R*VRA9
M3[97




M9'

)SC9J4-J`9

]


2



M;V\`@&2U0K+
CDO6MU(&2
05V#P:1057TBQC7+*XK(UG0\:%)LF6'\XR+DE1


PXW!3GO$8NXK!'WKXI/W[S3B.4W-TD_$I^-1ER`JN
M%M3+9E=9-(QH6N#04O_RFZBE)%_T_R&WM'Y6AH7W)0P&MZ(;PEMXYY;#AEA

M%
5GJ3[GU4+I4C&UJQK9E*C^J(-TC:3-N)HO
N6IM;/53E@H]FEZS(CJ0Q


7NN$?B^I=MZ

MZ8+T#:1O;-+FYMBE!\(8=E8LX.P;



^/R;
@G\`'V7CU7!FE0D-93@S!6IB3D.

M?V8757U?C+LGZ=PNW(U*P2S/3O-9OKH*NJ:
@H]36_5:U%X79:M5/H?*JV`U



M?DU@(!Z
0\HIB5%


VJ7+L/J[?N
M\L./TVSQ=NGO4TN+\LSF




)2A@!R4&A0JE.'7DN\73F(3M
MU4\Y0O()ST/JYS?AJ0FB82B--E8WLBYT4UV04BT5S_)B#_9VX/RH6_#$ZM$



M42IEI`


VWF6

MD-&CA\\-QDV2Y4^;E4Y=:Z`&!)I)1&VR
M*!9(
4Y9%[&')O)`B]=$/@%]
M3*#QX$`K:52H10)_C);
4+C3J,!?K]H!X!F3T`?$V@T.-`15-(B1DZ!0
M*A:;I`7:)*$`H)]@/C;

.!\_Q82H0'N:J04A'`4BE`E@K=(**EW
M9=;X3PW$@!/UVTOGA3&
QVF



M1L)NJ3^.%+NA2O@)JR
N/+P6U;LHGC%&4Q*E.H$P1G51?9C0FUBA^R%LCP&K




MQ#C6FA'9S3NF-



_W4]UKD.SCO`XTTV[V'S\;+X




]UR$@H=@21QQ?44&AU
R^WW(%X-P:U68WK
X2&0YB
M[?:V


[UMQ/.-+NPP:FUB\#.\CG(=-5:N]X8

S]C
\
M/+

M/33TO\P6'I.C26#P%LZ)KL%
O(5A4J\@?1P

MQ\]0_3;Z
`K.[0+P=I
EP$3LTH_S#3]?;NCL?_2X@)O;ZG&!_^S/864KI\GS
M[!




U:EA='W+_?[9@XM7UQ`

P-15W606

:.
^`869LVTPJ
J:+]4`




!_Q`VAG7$+G-
MS8]#Z]*.W_:7?WDRW@U$\

7]5U`?0OK

ID'.



MVD1XC\
F]!KL*99WK

M8'6(WW/;]54P34'@JR':+BO7KY/F7RX5!=J0@Y=

M!D:B*/^?O6_M;1M)%OU^@?L?B-Q=(`

M$F5S1Q)U^+#C_?6WJILOB;0MR:0LR=P%)I;$1U5U5755=3W^1#.P%+G2M;Y'

EW#+
4Q%Q:,[Q.H=8E@PJ.#IQ2KG
M)M5:F`5MQV9X&$-2WC*$]AYP@TSLHPO3-?C.55@+D$%'HM\W-+]\KKOP1=_
MSZ

PWL5V^7X+4

J]P
R'FJF1;+*(IC




M=?'/V;3^


P@]K

5(5)9R1CYP!(MZ?8F4KU
)U&
M/GKU?/1PEN#(-B/;/




MQ1O?JU)&H^YIW4?8A:RP4=6


(=WHK6EZ.HF22+X00IZ4F#1O]M3:4/6\+E*`R



M7=^O:YU(W4;_H=-0$[^7W6XJ/

M[#@?8PN2\^%#/CSL!CYN4%Q
;3P-5L1IOKB1U\.Q0:7QQH`':W&C7
B:?`'7
CU]&.2<.6B$VI2VI*L`PU/12OB!
M5Q7N?


M^DRP=L!(7]YNB;@(G=AQ

M1Y%JO5..NS6W?`PF3GZ1P7MNT3IMO+R\B%2EGOH?A(N!^7V-7X=TA6-;
MKUB[K]5Y3D(ZFOET8!0*E\$0/G3\>)_$/$/`#F?^-?`HM\A8TE
MS:*L:-'&6Q;S

;H@D/1H%_$?U`
MPS:I8AEB;(F8:

ME0




MPC3+M/.913;EQ@/$B




%;TK0<
MHE?G6A2Y1QD2M2@P6P71E?L\ZFIQ3!OS'ZM







8PB[5LE&OB/4\P1_.NM&O=:O/T4G(1-HSW


F(:AB*KLJEH3#_T&(V7G^
Q4N!E*#68RC!
8R@9&/QC*!
MD6V.DVW&



M`




MZ)
?XI3T'




M2VG^/0WA.6*C

'T7WF:X7?IY=&O=SO0
^/_$P_\=A-*
MLW@.5@+&`KC*DH`^*5]#()@4+.!6^#L))_
@3:-9A&N49[A.04



QMMF
L97[Y$Z8A

B+/41KLI


MO7N[5/O3#F=?73

=350

MU2L1O\59


7[OQ^H`O2


UQ.^V_/N=XR5@$^F\8Y
X9DCG]'57!H^]*97QB,_K8U'PFHI-!OSK,J%PX
M

?HX*?G
MCTHJ6-+8X-IZ'M`+#@W[$N*H@OF]]#%-\Y#/L/!25B']C4#T@3)]/FSP0H

+!^7TJ_!O81C.2XXI_C1



M4S[%_?*
I__Z/
MG_/TW740K-Y_!1T:S8`8RZS61E=@Y$RB

___9__X\D_4=U3P9?




$]_

-U=%LFFDXURU2IY?EO0-0C`4?*87[S

MEK?]J$2)13U'
O5J:\X)M4UM:02T9G9127U-*E4?KLC&SF&[S-'89;O&HKC
M:KIAEP12#5GM()`B'Y9`_+]V`

MU(*O%_%R&TK)'C







M:LQD5/%41544IM+:9U
TS]HD$1!T*TU]E'*V'XDTFUJJS$S?]PW?MFS/-LS2


.4-=4R

4F&NM?%2'L






M*(IA@;WB@W%2J22'M'`T=3+`'KK[.CY?5F7?!A_&LZ@-/A_L.KJO*:7YX()4

Q7#`F'5NCS-0U


O

E$904V;7A+$R2$`MAY/HY0G5
*OAT)/'P8Y9QZD:5V894E7`5:[
;#AQ<&@)Q=DP63;.GW^
$EBO.L



6;-5AYC@
VL







MZ+R

M;.2?E_#C




1-J$+';


3_PJ


M_MJ0B.[1OOMAS0=)[2:&KBO+AJKJBNPJBJ^IJE&+(=.U5N/MCOD';1!V!_$Q







M[




D$EWH;0(_@REL&)0G)82I&F^6`D!


M%A^U'':TG(:I6*IX^LD6,`M#XS!$8_(@0`)#MKDEU6-(RYP&$Y:`@E?9PF\
M*.$D;*X\`)0?\SG^&\H3)^UKA
`399$W_

M('2@/%$'YO
IW`Y

:[+E\`JF0)-NB\%H8I

S0%/#U'7#V


M-9A`



3[3KA5?9)ZYS=
M5#5Y;T30)'M?'!VX#4\*=[\=$TH<A]B*KW@JTV`1/`W^T:LT#::U@N%,+1R2
M1V'8\S'^

@_$84(*!
MIR+.%R7XQ$6


U2/^%23Z\-O`+X%H%&D^FX'X)37

.\ZXFA;?+09P6&.Y_HV!?WJ^*YORII7
M):\PFS3-]26W=-[\3;Z4:0GUEE#U@DC;N*-KWK%LN=3VF6J;L`\;.ACG5;*)
MH[$C0J3M8301

5PBI?R;;
5JH8&-L-FV-KN/K!Y0F_





M*[;#?!_^]37%4!V[2N16/-GIWEZ
YH(?9$V.@@WHV;*!8VK$!9M)=6`KH
SS

M\P`U%
I

X8!'#VE=&

&(4N'


NJKAN_Y4O

QCUK70_E#8'%S\V'+O&(
M;;Y^%(S75`_^_^Q=6V_C1K)^/\#Y#X2!``D@RWWA=79G`(J4LEXD


;C_?6GJTGJ8E&V+%




QG5K4X(YC[N7[;^O6C1WS

MR7=%G)HE0L.S\I[%=G]I;%-F'NT
VAFT


MOT
G
)$'J9

E
M)O



6AI






5\];*NZTI*@JXY
(+@)AXI@B2UKS)VAR`.8
#

E]EIRR+SF`88
[!^

E@


B12-4:&FFF`<#M*RNN%'MA$`EE*&&#5Z7\
M4Z$2B.3BN/#OY?!/`J3\RB?C1-X0/T*5D&9?

B'^=7

MU



MD*$A0\&AX%!PIR6XA8CT519(\U[Y_


M`5P67:.UNUG+9BTH^R5KCT$Z&ZW];J5_28+AI&T5
2#26E4?:!PS_4*=(O





M.C(.13#*ANI8_BA&]W!84XZ.I1/:(56UR2'%ZC7QE#J][D`\O
7-^B+2#48'
M!IR;'/X[-5N$IF?E/=XRS?K:(#1][M'2H*5!2W
P2V/45_?0]+E_KZ79*
%D
M;X1M&N$SGP515!)$G3ME]?B'


GA8T\8Z-:;.#)/K]9K_
M
)NT(%L)#6




M$+J:T=6


QZ\DDO'T<..ALH=;\'X0A

O









0


M?0.X;J6R:6WNS:;



K-XR]
N-.DDLL36


MG-


M6IRTLF$0:9

<Z(HB(1
M_YZ&$

C0:W


S$H@^Y2`I+4`$9*OXI^_!!)

\I9OKN!O]VFS%3BMDV

*:?7;B0MPU'-W3J4
/F.T/TBF`LJ#;QH
\$O;/HG47O[&Z]





0K&$)(5.LC'_D+ZCQQVC9PVSK

(B(-Q&.OKUH$&E$39(:/92S^:V)#:

MP!$^96+3(T_@06&W/RQ77_*(!6Y]O4N59LEDI(__5YG^XG]+(KWT\76\'COW

M[T0LS[*ZXO?O%YNP44O_P6;L^*XR)@






Y%[/%8RYCG2$2\GQ@UUHCW+NN-BECO(*T1CHX+P
M32!0:7=8&
C2]:M(P3K;:_1_,)#B<,6?H,,;9P'?#?M\CFY;Y%`?5-[I-[_82`[-5Z++




P]$
_D-1=

M41C'/.9&/;0-H!1%B5ZHTLN_SV6B]5LEZ%*)O$B[\1SOYA&Z47.A'Y53R+3
M;]5BR;[&:Q$LY:===/N^;IIG(N=:9!:=+D9WJ^5Z2=0M04AN%*+/3W)A.-Z
MC!+

.P4Y8(#

D^P
V!GP

M.6_R&N5RSKG)^5+2:7J_T96MCYGZ9&W

WG:)Z'KST');4+XO^=6?
M

MCW+7(]S\'UEW\Z/5-UBCGCWK(.M7.
VGDD`)0:Q+2!4@


ML(J//@VQ




MGD!---@9L#-@9RJV


M

X.\_



M
23F.NC/`?IQE#AX:6ER;5$'+M$6PX^99WH3=]-*QT$;I\B+%(D
VRWF^%




M'FH6%XS`H-7:0-+A!U^GC!'8GMV@NGN!'1=
#9@:
FZ(6T;J_3)#
M.[`YYCZ%P<9C;G11VGIVHUC'WAOCE'6DG8C)

MW*=KVIABS//FA#U42$(O[N^C1']`BB:S&T.7YO&31$WU#^9=\38)G:JEV*!=
M


%)-1#0GUY
MXF&RO-81%F
#4EQM#M:TS1*!X=FY#NP
V!FP
V!GP

JS&*



LZTO,8)IQ+QAF1!-==L&=#Q2#43)Y#`E`S45+4#
).*H01VO80
TD

MI/G\^

%
M3#*^I@








MKN_ODQN%)C
KUP;G3K`BM9_H;%2$_'`)B@*T.VSY1&T-@#*$


WP^T[(GO`^?F=&ULH6BA-P

SG+S2WR`DFWR
MJ1E*3L\MS64
-DF'WC


M.ND`)MOD`X\Y@%-SX02/.8#262P3

MV1RHTNIQ+)(A@*\9X




M3]1HDK]P::22YH-1TFOSO39WU;LU
UMRJ6Y^^A`.3#.\?[!_70_^7*0?;Z-H
M_J?_-4K&UX]SY7^;I)M7]WSE7]Y]:LRO5@_H,E8WS`:91\I'?J$8CH,?)^$
MP[`?2$RXH-SW_+X@Y,//+RRO=EO3(0O0MCVJ'K]N=\_FV7O&+R6J:R_S-`.

M0Y1


#
MCS7VMY7!_+Y]TYE9Z_39



MGH9%;GV5@O73='$_-ZDS*5JDVA69S+9=#RV3T6*:I]:\D4)S+$M2HY@;;XHM



T99?1I%4S6TX@
A^/R@F]L%

TF
))B+
?^&6



M1W-4\S@5FU]TTJN!J9U&MWQRUZGU5SJUL@
FJ**2&P


M/]#Y@1?M!QA])=9W%WQ7N&SK![HCS76:3;^:8:Q^T*NA4OQ;'`2KCLJY-*\8

0K+M=W=K

MQ9MGRTJZ?
)I=
MK2;ZB@C\L[[NNXWJVH$9TY7H=J!$][NZH\[[U']GYBM^2N]J0)#YVPZ9]
Y
MF\[9+.2
UJ\
4[/^8G

.MI50WF)3)H%<ZI1BLX;






PCRV-4[*PW^%R
S^EJ.P&/X?-ZFUP3H!HX


BQU




DN;.2^*ZPT7`I7%<%I@6&:48I8$P[AE

8VD/D^5R]2FX
MN
QGC;IUN:D\UY(3VFUDM`^JZ6FINC&?[-G9N#A#FWNH
K%I&C%8CD$+PH0U
MT5O.%\O.U%PKU*H#%;*B@]6H$[0_`=A_$$-7HKM='1.L



MK0DKBZ($J'SNZN.;51]W`?*9\0#

M_$B




\RSX
0'.
NK0SJ





M(9+
(5@5I`:9MI!1/W+A.L3KD6`WHNCH2;0*=`DG:F$U#3$A(5+!JA?$
M2^]P!%LF

VY0)GM3


2




FTA)4&TX8$(

J/^$OL\**:4-KG)Z-\FT
MA80!J'`

M5P&I0:8E)$&=3ER3&(.W)H`#6?J8Q%WE]&Z2::LE`83$P)
R@%Y&

M^DKOW2335DN.2(


]J
I(H$FF)23)&

/3/F9
'R@($0KX;4(-
6

M$E*#3-NDB4LB

0ISDV(05KN
M



M4%4[

M6TB)1Q.(]9@#86(=O-;E$^/B6FEQ33(M(5F&LX)Y10A5EN;OJ#$IYV0IL?S%

M(3EF$\'I8/&)

D9/***RC.;CXF
M\&8WF9=@UJ($^:IUO&&B03FBT-?BIJK:GR\'EF#6H@3FDT9*;#IK@*+PUO




`YKWW$LQJE)9Z!N90^C;
6I2*-(=:S-=!







LL2@LP*U$J
MO%!SJ8
\\.RW*421O6US63[7\YLY2SKCYMU`&68R%(5LD%N.6O7^H+BCM_


IW063ZY].(NN;O1%L):
3T#;B@
2P2%0G@@ME#0@"*JWP84DQ?\1
MC5D&29/,H&Q3.E2V92Z#G.(C.=.=IYIR!C`FW%=(2X$1%(H!I


MQ/0..9$D@=M!=2.Y()(@1J+:F][0F%CWXHL
JI9$BS.52!DE5\D.N$S^PK

GA22!


MZHWN!JZM%UXUH!@HQ75][W1'7-4([D3BR3(=5MZ1O-65&][DZ./@B*#U3W

M$A@D:DRD_A!0-F[L)K&A


::/7DE#SGC;:P(,:(.5B.YD@#T!-I')R8+`LZ)F7#E)S`EV6E%3
MLS9ZP'

^0V
MNC]W-XUDDUD(DAW4Y#TG@B305M0LOXU6'ZCA@&0[.Y?GKE
+[]FQ7N#'F1F_
MX\
9K]X
W:FO[*N'!G!HGW[^8-KO__/IP]_^_=QWIZ=GIDQE#H^F9]Q_8('G
M!P^L9`


KGWIC#J8=V9=RN*WVPT\?W[`+Q4.$P9'P

M

TU+PG/WDYJHI8_F;.:.Z
M

M
C`Q-#`V

M9(0*/[ZP;0#32`




M*OGCF_ABI_RKF9769[/9:?;KNFA



E4/
E10%X:/I)%ZC




MMMDG





WLY)




M[]?KKM/0R_.9T\[R-:`-)^GZ&%PQ.F8+=.2%!-F`2L/U#[]2PA##\V7W\5IR







M2G\;1R'S9=.@].8O]CUE`]F2X@'S0MYC
FIX._0DS)J+C`?.11#AG0E^U7+V

MZ+/FBO?[@J
`N23@+D6$G5KU'%O377^FV:/9Q)J
=)T8(]LFTY%NF+KIZ4@S

.]!WO7-1DEN*7$KZ3]0X5@8

M?SEY)6*9-?N84T`
?S#






A%

!7./Q\=N$%+Q46
'%YJKU[!!3A0V\



MUS!F4W\

9;YB]
'-




M_J1851T'65-[BF;FR#6
+B7T
MS_P6DGW0U4MWZM2$HTUT/+8)['%FR(P4L#FH1XA5&*E8)GBE05!A9$41Q\*6


HYNZX0[)9T2`6'0$-D*7`3N';]0
MCOWY\O=8S*/K6V!6[WY4YT#6)^)
L6L1RSO::[[@U!XIQ%1)`(-H*(Z8W(;B
L5V
%BOK<5DGUMBV

M4&U.\5:[YIMR'#5L8-







I[PB=S8]
M6S/]3Y=2!V4XTF#L9X/I/(K^N'TAS&/(;YBAN5O5F7!74C?]HSWUJ
AN`'!4



]`ZA%QS:FWL2PCG?)&LH
AP/XT1BT`@O.$-1M8A'K

E#BG?N@%]RB@/
MJ
ZM*%KDUV@;!$+MPQ[1\HK*?#ER]_67\]9CDUU_B&UAV









MAY(:1K




ME_W#-

Z6

I5PIBH+]!G(!#PS[






M654NL6OI()=3JG'E^K&?MMC!^V*')@\E7MG6`5]U+;W+%N8`W)$0B:1619FL









8CKS^/0V;
29E8:AN_.-I&VGR*TZT2
MA/:ZYWOV):;LD#9'PY/NL4E$%C=-6-.:^8_WL&)YM\%YFWUPYQ^ZOK^_N


M]_B


MUX



V!T1;%?0



L?=Y&8KAB%NM=*M63:QO0G6T0
M%BV`-ZVQ3L7CHQD'A?;MLNAV





(&Y/TLK4_DG&Y@UH3%$!C6]\5YD863X
MP4\N\



M;1K95;+*

GE:BF<A'2:7[D*(LDAS3W_N5P+RVG\LJ5M:Q6M<CN2\&_Z$2--
M9.


7
M6UXXL':AY=@']2V9QY3NI


M.K)32.?O99IMRCKQR`






)^BNE(I!_^

M
C`Q-#`V
S!?








OIOV91





B


MIF#Q&`I:%



MNTZE2EK*W8JV-DEW6V
C7[([96U2EH4086T-XK?Z%+1QW32#4K.[/GXWSF:Y


M4;+ZX2\1S\)L_#3O/E\K'E4;.O6B]YV=-/*6/?*BW.M8R!T&$A@4Q\L[#5HJ

Y



<8+D%OJHF'<2N![-GB5[
YDN#N*A9+)I

?S
MDM4&Y3F]H^I&IV:L4:.O0DZK306WT6
2/41C`0T:EU4+@=5U&D=U+H!K1J5O

M%T=19X+$ZS4X01B/I8P-2I7#X.YP:
O:6Y'-QI*KR^0Z2Q\SGB_VW)2&=!W.

M_/PQ#)^%`9C@@L=%7GTCYV!P;IC+M^S]8?GU:'$CXM=H(@SS.T]F_'/X?VD6

'\?;J]FC++QF4R09A\_F%6OY333:%64[Y'4;`/I


M(M6%96ED?=N+Y)6\\:GJV




`)$3


MPV1^F8RWKO
[6H]
#Q

SJ-K(=@9B0BK@889?XON?32DHS0$9/KMU`#$$A5&L&\=O%VWI#;S6(
MKV'\.<PV7[)P<D4(,=F[R`3`H%;@(@=:/G4Q[/\`)K
L=S_+T)L#G*@C0Q@

M1NA2*0:%3E^^1N_9@]H&T:`(T0S+XTPW&P!!2DW+#$QD4]\#F-F5C`@Q;[BI

H6





P:F*SY9L/<(Z5B_MIXU]AZV`R3




M)9]C^'X`6879=7.'[:#Y_3,8'`1Y2T/Y0]8TSFU@`UQ3SG6=0-#-=V*SXM










_2&&QX;



MT'MDV&8`8$,,0LB
7$M9)96':[K2Q@V'I7CTN/MA`L6!8^9G-+V-YWY#*3



M]2BV%2)]Z/(ZG)=1XEV*QO^:11F_SE)AA


6RH&%Y&*]R3
!H%Y[I7LSUV(0VU/JP&\*?
QEW2BC$YYB7*DDF
M:J1^KW\?H?%U.D^LN2F`!NXEN,[!`
?;):[$P/M5L8G*.T%0UX':ZL5V:;

(Y-+
]JX+!)JRO


M29[&T20L^*0Z*2HO%UQW
.Z$\X?%0-^VUM254!]9/J84!W:`B(^(#0DD*QQL


M9DL(^S6OAN^6;69I;8F/H.\YE!'@
P=X@&'#\5=K!F:DW9;0PY8VNAM=3VCV


M&?\LZ$YGTQMYZ4J\UH[



!0K


K)ZS











M2VB`X!XZ+/43[RW`[6P3?FT
N`B4=J7@\;$?UNMM/K/;(EB[G_-BOIKMJ+B;
MC9ZL(QGO8YW+KF3*_9KFZW7X-CU^N4[9GUW=.D



?`NS#O:?*HI)L`)WQF]E04?;6V9(8R$9Y(P`CRPP
MA&):HN-HRX[:Z0Z';ZWLU2#XC9-=P0V<QR#[_/-W7SY:9G_
Y\4/5#NS'
R



?WAZ=

M:=6)Q9T9E4%I`J.4=$Q2SP17CL1268DA#ZX[K
R=])13.NS&?SWW^@UHWQB;

N`BG]\F)T07AQD6%#KQ/L\A_



B-2


X&

M$&X@%EQ(#Y542D.`82FSQBVWRB1

#H+8``&(@%Z74W/-V

MI9.
QB

EN!468[6WF5MG37V+ILA\Q?Q+AE!7EFC:5BQ)'0F







V?6]%R&H-SK7T%,NB49*Q+/&
M'-<']#QIMZ+T=C9.ESSH#:2QU%+N4H?OI5R2A9?,!7N/6$&Y`40`CF,Y*T'!
M/55\H$-!^BV7](PQ&O(H5;<614^;[*4V1N?*FC9NERRMLX:ETLV0^8O4BZI


M4R0]'D+U83F;_YS/MI.%^S5=;&






GXV\]ZM.M\TL#O&:K2Y

.:8X:04&A









M?A'N=_.IKEU\?7%F
++



?
MF_TDG\V[


4O!H]]713Q%['B;

.\




M*9
8P1(Y95MVY.\M
]\A\0;!+YGM_3HA4(M4E6

MQ]:IT.^=`U-,BJTXL!I0-N4CO&'8`1OY?7!&`J*LE?)[.QNJ:^5W@4G?


!$YCJ


MTQF8:EM7RZW)G=*EDTQK

M$VGM$'Q_3'DGF=;T!'E?F59N##
`0PVD!MYSR34II57*M@MQ#Y!IK:VUIIG6


M\



MS0)[Y\@\TK+6'$QE`_F)ARH(!EFOE@#OZVS6Q4EXMM6*RYV+`!K&3X3[

(MPD`C%(Q*.^G83#`=.N-N&


6!AOP-8K4A=$?

I)+;B
D!'
@U4N


GFF;ZM:-E9:Q

S7L;R7E%#3*;+IUHD&5X3D]9\E01#(@1









$`J;$PJ&4SZ('.OV=:];+B_B*\WC;63NOQAM$J'
M\(@?M2%Z[1I

MF=W&6JX]L_=-VB$X/Z;
96.M=X+
:V.-:^09]@@A0Z-OQO*@A#WV#SLG8@X
MP,9:MM5*-];*`!K&3]2SSE-#KR)G\?32BO+

P3C=^%0-N=ZQY
MZ'+VSLC3%6YCX


M;T]UQZ).0.M9_$^(I%X_ORSVKT#DYU8B8H`2'1]51%E\E!][.\7`%9M7)?*G







MTJCZH
6KFC4BLN=8XX`)J:G









*BZX#0IY



&U-
XL`MYPB/:HD.9LNG23)97A.



KYV^5^6%0LAYQJ)3MX(XH(!J/)1`


?=SQG!=K]8P-OHF+
56

M95&(GMTX1!4UM;(MC
7G6#PGW=12K($J14.2]:4FALL:B^BZ)J2;9EOU(MVT


MC2GQMEZMIJ0WFERJFV9;K;A4L@B@8?S$Y?U[7NX-(T!3)XW#RBJ#J$120O-P

M:-





M:P/@FK6KN73I1(


M0;!

;;<V]P\!5G
M



.K/AW1]
Q;O/C
MQP0BDC'1HG\ZV

MT6/I%1#53C^[FJ;:O=D[@:4/@__VZX?M033\%EGZC\W7Y7:=U
.S=C]Y766M
M\]ISZ4!')BNFK6].LVJ
1M8(K7OS=XE.+YY_L_USLXVK=\O?][\N/]YO#R
R
)F:18?

M&








M0OMF[3KZ^'%M8?=%GRXQZSF`NDOYZZUK]9K_[Z?_:NKKEQ6\G^):#Q_0AT










6Y6=^5;;WOV+C\N0W!]3%E)??KT
M!%E7?7H(G3BY(-UF!S8$+O9QEA83A#?7IOJPVM3Q\&T#SKQ*F[.1K'F&:@
M


)VO*E)-2YZ)Z\D

`;XQQJ

A[




:1LKYBR7Q\M$R:UEG/2
M751;DL89=HSY%(%RO]84BT6@K&IDK)CM7I:]6CPI3#\'H+4^Y7V3$(DI+(
M&JL%YT8!/NLFMH)K


?A,AV)1[1YT6&=?$:A:RL
MT?S<AQLG)NVX&._G[]5WKC/N40/XZ(GTY\]_I2_?/V:D#SU1U:`@85@&F4
MVD8N6.#/B/FR@N&Y3T<.9.70%[LLMI



M%GEV*A@2TR&+2^!*M)AH*:9*%1\=@^]MVQ%B\








MN))



#I%(GK;I[1B[-
K)5Z
MTF
B-0\CWF5O/^W=X,I\?+!BJ3F2:1206`/&=2W7OF@RUKM3QS&FP\3AP!







)HN).*A\BU$XD;*UHL*.BIJE]&$.*]K7J4$!^&UYL0W^M'DC+@
MHF
L.IL8YOTYQ19
+NP*BCI[TV44(3X
S_.35\$FDEI(IZQBW@JA.;;SDXSS

9$1
ME1G/Z(1_5BZ.ENO6C&[/O_+E--MG3+\VX6SY/9^/$0)[S.W_F^_O3T]6^N
M;P^Z

2)4:ZNOH^8Z-A#D







M-FF=?]:;J[LOF
5%\\L'J?(=/D[Z^97-
I1!(LC:)H$FXR-TGBZ26X;T.RU-
MEXSX//F]9[7TXL+ROQ^-6WV.SY++VZ'*+
KK2D*'DAY[@6F6]TE[\%#5FG)\
MS4%Q=EG54*`T]XXW6$1@*8Z$C]CJ^W58^[-6`07F\'S/8J)J:=
UJ+D
`Q
M3EXDA2V8W&
\_ZQA;[J







:+PH

`FUL=WZJ%GAK3IB+9PX`JJYZOCN

K*44#0V&W5^:4H2T7)M=#C6+SF


Y_(;I\H=FHMS#@JIE(\;)E

M617-[8?-]E.)F'EXL.+.9F0A92T8%4E+'SPKPOVWS
6GAR!%1+R?D]'4*_
MB+PX&S3=X1E,0%:).F5Z%KBN(@'RRW6E.P+-E(@+WU^$P%]];:KCT0B:FJ
MY49)]O6TZE')OF%XO27[]L:JDV%
&D-D=40;K6*N:YY!V9#GG^SK39=1DGW#
M\#R_%$Y
'!$X:2$T0'

@*4=HZ(`+(40




G_9^]JF]O&D?1?0N


M_`!F





MU

3
MH-*8#6'@2?-T&/5





[=`)A
/.
MMAVBW7





*E?


$O6_;*4U
MJ;
_'%`#04;%TC+?H
0XY`ET4]?E.)M9HP




0$2!&M*S*FT=B0TV7M$\07OB7KX#^%(C8EB87X^EA.SV:E@'
M*_/:E8X81:B/


M7N%%Z=S&=CG+U[#WK(RBFFA.(L
`R5=0$=N-/F=




MW

;OZM#Z9C3O&[2IG=0R.




M+ZWDX7_O-ON_WFS34.\.2_YA6_C]Q]7VE_L
_(/N4F=
'X#YG_7FSX]U7L^7

8TF1`])]X6:

MT])ZX[D*&B*52B(VHXFL6#7JOC)D9R


$9HBBT]

M!//2*1&2XR



M9+*C1/R:!^HK98=!=^9*RZ*8.E%JQH_1P#O[V[N3JLO)[U;&BVB9]I$%#T9:

M:#]BO+
$^TRCWKQ=)13VFR_K5TGF9=Y19Y!)1
^LM$)K*P`B
X1X0XP4)]\O
MKY)





O.29OF)K5U

MY*-@;
9+0BS5C7;2@_-=3=Y[-Z0?N

^






GD$':V[_!*7
MQ?-1G^@$W(^3;J[MTF9^3

+2



M3

*_[:ZOX^ZF_M(DTLQS#U*E
M-8)A
J4DRM2M(RE@NWXDI_[RSBIFQRYSMLN%S)#[G-YI)\?]
U0`WDN=Z.%3

MX_SVHPH3NX0MEKW(S^_4E[=!(D8

F5G5DGE=ES



A&*
M-6::

M#\W(




#Y;0
-P

ASJNRF_P





MUU18%+^F4`#A

MRI*3




+AVTIK\WL[F.U
M'8]9XAQ!FP)L!PH1CCUA$@$C6N.&+#-K$9
KV@F7@-OQ7WQ#G_8#XD
RS(5
M#PXS0

MO]G64'VUBG3\4+#H(8Z8'AP`
KM
?$*`8]3?5X*.8NKQT
O*;3WPG2=)63

*CBEFE(#.:\]3XXJE(Y'F/82$YZ77`OZ1AX6@Q-T`H\('Z9

M$Y1JJ25+(6LHE92B2C(EY

0]DC($0TP-99QS4&.(/1FKMO?0
M=89:J\I@=8:Z`7UE=8:(3

M0]TP+.+
;`)%6PP!`CI

[=3PRYVN5^4?D,!:4^;C?RST
MW$*&FCDHA


M.;(G`V

(.$..

M$/IPZMOCCJ`43(O6VI-QUD=+!NVV_I$R/YLO#[EHBQMC0!`!;E1JFFZ)]E`Z
MPQO^E



D`(@#
M3AL9
`:ZW
B


X%2H?B\'

[)D8C&R;2GO'/;#=S13*X4S]7&Y*JOQ(9

`YX3F.

T.2[3,AB=VBZ4'BBPD8[TF\/?I)?



M.4%)ZB0)'1'$T).QT0.A-JGN@0PZC33W`G%%O+

.VHJKWM@:U49

-0_45Y7M!]TRPZJFJ:G7

^




.*C6
2-=$]E
HO5VB^6S_%\
M

1@X(+!7@EH(%*IY`3JS%4UYM5G[



VD$-%[0!C-+8-ZIVG!Q4H6NMB-2





;2E65\)=&;



;6



AGG2B/+\X(.6($\IH*H4`U'@%
M&H

M`)--$.HU1K[6BY*H2G+#N'F&=NT//A&)]FW9'F_?6!`:DI!8Q`PB51R'M$
M:KDLLH55_QV




M8YJ`NOT6K=/Y*O[1?4]I`I5:Q:_+33109Y_CW]]6ZW_.[JK5\=#U2PW^/OUI


MWC6X)3*!T+$FT80P@QI+6VU$.Z#:P1
M)V
5Q\&QK5RG2DR?]=P``-
20\F%AU99YEG\_QXK2#.[



3Z^8UC-+\EQZECNX#W!2.4!QMXKK#7G1(LHU5X^
MY34O]UAV8#Y;:
\Y%Z?IA1WCCL5!;F`/W'X&Z0/XW[]''@B5N#Y\IJ(XDW
MF(&96R69ZI0J



=E
MG$M;/M_]?3?_O/WM2D5AUN=HW)&G!D&U5$(8X9$`*&+/@6L\6OQT1\AQ*[A.
M00/[0[L$C7P?%^WE/ZOEM_E-E6IYFV5U.U^?H8PO/S`PQSE4'&$-L#1((TX:

GG
3
*V$
!4(V'CRI
S_H@]5R
M+4&-Z%B,HH^@F(G]#ATU`'@'.

FU#GL.9?.*QL7!4!\C2T@.
\]


_LW]]AGX9+F]PTD.O!1'.5Z!ASB_!;^O</8#7*?D#OQ.
MTA_Q?70KDEZA]/U$_@=7X7QFMXS.SVM;@7*G^B'/WYA_UQ%&0:/6?Q+MKS%

513MK/G6P2O8;Z?U9:?LHU.H


MX





I91MS$EP;\J8431,D*/$,*=E#!WVNP__?'LYW1S^DGRWT]
MJL!X'657!=*(`H8:F=XG6?U)Z?LDU
%5F'Z#[V8?.D1LI3LD9+@-4M:2%KW

81\;HU6%U.]

M1U7K-CWD&XN\B6





M6)H'#005J-J&:1EJC2CP5'/1KKJ^J6\2@732L-UY^&1$3W4;RNU6K3-A5D








?H_Q@U@;NHJ?R
MOA03P)64@R@#\37#P
PK[E7_Y9J4C6Z*'13@-EJ!*XR3MH4?A];K!W2-0[7\
M

M418O%Y;J.8JF(U557#\P0EWWF^(J0F'`5ZX4V[;T*F0-EV8!!=YG2I
!L@











M:*FNHWN6VP#1#=]:U
]4$C/*N=KF.P:Q[TE*HK6XG0^/H\9\SA*HQ^(]-8(B




T[U\
M061LSTJ)*

M%@O'RI=]R)J)!O7#_K)`V9\`;B7PR5T4)PO;#Y%FT#FS9R(8N`I2PB;;]4.^


M

M?DL5@VCMME1QC(%#Q56)O#


D//K+&J
MKNMR+3M

=/8KG7%Q43[TH?VOC!25@P!#SSJH%4MY1
MVD=EFW
Y^2U[RF^[`/_W%J0=K_%V3$A%L;W7%15G$$O)5(P59WU[EOSP+0
M0M68;ZF!#U7?1`Y2+$]!BJ_4C06ZVZFJ.JP%R;JV`U6)6D_MZDE?-[V2SQR?


M01@T%6-%[[X


M*`.'E%P

&O<<Q(UIY'/WW?V.]E?N?1_UOT&-]M[ZI&0L\R0J2HBF-Y

_[Y[BQ9`2HP?8OXGQU4P%Y!/'I0'=NIC!
QJ.




MKYH=?4VT*N70(/'35P^V/HK3F.R6GB:J6IV:$/=5%P-^K8K5!#$&HP5)'#

&E.9
$6E$

ZE:2?/


)
GE)\C1.

ZOO2B[




M=V_Y15HZ=N






5NB.I'G\KW+)UC9-Q3)T$WG0


Y%3L381B;V4ZW4T^!JG*1-:)L.7T2.5UV15[#?[
M0GFA@NS=LJ67;!'JIA.PE]\BW0E00)M$9MTZ#)U.NYX%-RE=\DJ@38;-H!8C
MDQ0;59
5YR


M+
-YZ=EU'%W%ZW)F0F^;5\?VZ+R&:C*]\9;]5LU?2;*O-]3@V%\JS#%[\-O@
MG66=O7=H.YEX]\]A#YD$JXC4

MU]-4HZG!([Y'O@IJ4G(L+#;R5;N#GAVKK48@;T%)$
\=2T3C4\Q9]*D!'CRO


M^K0(;0TA`[JFKYAA$(2*IH6[2HBE=(LEO6\O/1A4H
)HQXNFZY^E6^VJV9345=WKA-62EYO5S@KB\D@VRYO
M090U%[:KSDP(BEV2+

0/N=02AZ$GPCJ6)SS`*KN*8XR[./R

MM?8=[EWQX=V#*)+[;IGY1+3SZ7X-$KRO87Y@[.]V_U50I]OZUYW&(TFR!%_

MS

0ZH+;N<&.$=:GV^<;=;R[K:_339FFYN]#?%WG3N^3A
MWNKAD-51,D@O!&4B2*K(JD5/IW$*%JMNO;S(6P^B.IAA?YS_D%FJK:YNUOO





_NA!Q-=7\GI%40K$@ZE?Y.B7HJ




M^'8]7VWD)DD[#[UK_^'FOZ+;K_5&WM.Z6VVCZG%?TB9O9I/WL'VN5M5]O8U:


FL
MMX0UJ;YVZUCR
LTW3X;L7_8'#D_M$EQI

CH
M82]V%B=%@0#DA&+&N``XQ^





YVURC




IPU/


*D:93AE`
)2[C3!H?&\
M*-'L6V?TI^U\O;7AIVZ[.OWXN8GZ7?H(F-&\G5=77^K52J9`S7WTHYJOG5!4
M6WH;?/K4VQDWYS(1[:V







9
K$)88

]S




MG]+0J+/4X1Q20V[KB:

M;=UL-K

TU_U%%F(I0+C-&[N]W#;BGOZ:4/
MS7I;_[M_PU&T^6-&



SA:MA8[@YN.[K:(\R2X0]#=



/6YO_ZZ6


8_U
M_'1`9`-A?3)9M!UGAA#(40)`DJ





.94ZTX$\U9\

1V$(VG4





2U/YT`!`44
2DC&
X)FDEUYI=
M&C;A&4Z]5='!+%
RF2JHQJ0)Q-.CD8EN7BAT6IDS_+&4
A#RV'K1./V^M&_E

D6
E
MHQIWIE)0#SY/Q+L^@LZ(=(9#+J0-!$9.7/GIMEQ7\EBLN]_.UU^J[3AMI
M.

MP0S[YK:B&2%PNS?5.[=5`^.+VQXB
AFW+X4H$&[W9CKEMF;47BVW=?VTYK:1






M



^W+=#ZL=J




M1H-)#/4\3ORTS;%_+4B6G)Q[*]+5\#%-L.T&EN#B;#_DO.D]^R62&+AY$O7+

6Y:+11'ORL$R


[2@#^JN^5\LZGOZ_X
T2%W$6T8




M

M@!/




']16?


Y


MK:U]4-$29?-&)GU):3;.K[\`15*R1Y8!$*#HO:FD)K;'PNG3P$$#:#1F&#-



`%^?






-\E$75A@




MR(G:)5R@I77=N8UP00?5&;`Z]






MD`#%2


U*U:_YMM%PDC
$/
7,F
M4CR9N2\/.B:E67Y%7]R5;<VB<HN7RVI7;D7=XVI3+(O\J/48TC2KL\`]*($
M



7E$(Y[G3/
M@=3)GXD4FK9*Y=1'ES3YT#_$S'HM_Q1E)LJ[X;#)2^.$42QQZCK12X.^3\)
M\4D2^)BCD*X!K/WY%H.1/21GP'2Y(]C7V#D7;HPE=:C:KP=+T
*
\1HCYQ3
M6XNB-T4(N9#@%D243Z2=\TP(FKM*(RT)[EY52R:XHR;QJG'V(CSCM-L*LG

0
MU_VBK1E$UD\2Y*

8!+'LKK.AUNP-QP%@6R;I`+'?

M!2/$0S2

SO]W<0Q164]NRR'<D=3M4C,4L.,2&;4WC
MN(R^\

M*RYA1=XL$@`3G
0L96Z*$`$IVZ/)8V15(ZK506]]8.P%2JG%EC^[SLSH9H

MD?6;



M(Q`2!EE`@

M--WGZV*$P_%,F&2\48M9M9WU0*/L;;QT?ZYB![NOHJ@U$'(%#Y0(DNZ@N]
M6

MBB&2VW6U#L/ZQJO26+8AJEK.



J?AG[;)




Y%

M)`U@2/P4`DH.
D^H5G`F__'3!6@D].TH[2%%A3C-3L$*8=K4EQ93=D&QB1



`\HV46G`V3[?

I25TZ['E3J%3D
;?+UU9&^$ZYFHH$&#3AW'&Z1*

FJ81@;`'@CTO53OS-]^^]9-_


MTF-ZN.#SR.&






M/7FZX9^`_RB:!4I#%A(O#3V`H!?'V(])WR3#1&D.&-..96U_!LT1V!P!S?FW

*HYKZ9(E
0_KT)H_3
M*-2!)!6%TJ!VK@JE8\I;J5-C[Q=8';#TWWI81`P#PO$6%;ZO-`S0U(TC?K

G)R33
Z:K*959?KW)R1E[&\S@3
ME3%@2&6ZBZF\+O-ER?_(Q0W9K'SZ5Z[L`B$0512CT
:1I@%R&AK($2FU
M&?/YEG7FR_(S1^5TL!R.2W51-8J\\UHS%6]J*K



0M4BNG(XIJD3QT[0

!A458`

MU3%52E*EQ?%LM4K/FC?%:@1)(]3J6[ZL[LKBSWS%UT@_9T7YN6H:NLMO*K(3

89$:I




MV1;VLVU-Y\


5RR[[[:[


^TWB48
XS+W8F1XN3$3&*!



N

MTJS\85H

MTZ)95KMR^RW;Y@O



37!*['
MJ

3I\




M

6]W=7Z]3G8-EZWVBI8'0@Q`$B`?
M1AY#(*8@[9IF$8!`93?.1'N6ES0D:^Z=_^/N6IL;QY7K7^''397O#0`^0'S$

;96ZFME(J6:%M967(DRCO^]R'X$FW+$O&BJ'S9G;)EX?1I\C30
+YH3%2.!;2ZP&2JGP/78Q9I^W3-=0G73&)=

@[76OITJZ[%1G#L1*8G

&`TX
M%%&`D1%P.(D$BV2B
#X<$GZE8-`
M;R.G:EM8X_U$V6_:QCWC2[PBJ:=UW)6'IB/6SBS\J



M
(D)#S
&VJ:(5^@B+#0MU*0SF.)P-;;%U51ZBAE$YE(FC)&K6.4&HD&;Q8



MV;EZGFW

U


MQ'P)-Y_OGV0=E7Q1`916;O/'TM#E2W
8HNGHW:PNZV
2\H!$$N$@#4



PD<N)P$#YN)*<,8
MZW:)C=X7^5;.Z42:4R+'P;(+S&1D$+4`D

M_V2


7%_2-Q2@IMP/MD9=;$IK-::4S8
M\


8X3CW`<^3.O:&X)P(KC238
)XG=\S:`U

K
_;JHFK;Z04HC+J^S
TSB`*(X

MK#



M9VY5TX

D4S1@D6#`*&

_90F#
MP@\0$9RSN


_
04P
M]0&F`B51(@1+.&SA12%SE6\QPN1XNM]BNZG*+-476O
6G\MYOXF;'
S[1_*0


M!$QM-HH#5@@?8=XO*SI_BM:'`8P!#-
P@-SG0N##_5X8LD2I\_-E((YT]+(7
1REN&A^





Z/J:')R+NHYK\OGCNZ'1;#0-5RZ^J



M3$`+-!9I


MN(#''

4NAB`(0Q@F'A


WL#@_M9H$?()\`H1/$YX2ABEJ$:1`0)7SHA:'=7P&
M]/#^6]L.UF/71%V=$^M*4Z<DH,=(5)9-(T],6BS-+!LDD1;(.RN,Y8,ZGXG-
M?]E5U9**X<L7K^L[S?;IWJ+]VY7;

!A$^
M-Q^R-Y##4W$-/(_*(H850*^'T/NCQ?C?`X71(KN+YEOJ\U738OD-ML%L_[;Q
M%O)4V;+B-GO)EBMY3O?O@]5/&BLU+0#E+*%2M

+VJL]E!$+[_8;DS]YN?5HF<#;K0E\8_I$:$3M=+F;9ZMR
MG;O<+-+R9[N9`1D@E`

LY

M/_^1O\[DGAUDC&.0)%PN00`BW4`
B*&ZHO?MCC6E24XTJ+P*EE?B4M`33=;.

HQ@&4)U$IZX4J8T/EPB%96FHQF=K
M6O&6@9-2H4G69)1%_\'H3`B0D$GTN4JW_*LR!]DCV&$J8^%+T(483^-$\%`






P



#((U3Q`0,F1^E!<(=7
50'RHN'^C-\A(


MB%%0GG_FJ]4_UIN_UC_R;+=9YXLON]T^W\Y$N4QBY2P(D(3`A
EC^%T*-Z:Q

*FE/SHD6E.@3U@Y*4&F3$Y&
M@XP-^2!=J@QZ%3TL:F'B%(0(4[#L)R!\83'(`&Q[POB(X3.)P]5SM0I5QN

\YM[[S7/5.M262']M&I=BFG%
M#:.C[8@FV(+(K.^0/N43*85BU:2S'89
Z3)JTU;LL^TR6_U;MES_NMGM9E&*



MD2U7==$]&H0L*-55\!`@Z$



M
=4S3RT\P[R3[-9T-N-TI1F1H:1/]G4U



`N;[0&7V;CZ:


SN!23KV5HE).M
MJ0QJ4:M71I1J?FD&J).@PI5
^WN6I4\1'CXC[-]YO01BCP@MAWHB!BJ\8@
MPK`?$R5(J(.^DH$6UZ2J^TBU^&;+DA2I$Y5)%Y]SQ4F8RF7TZ8`F&8F:PJZI
/V0#B(SDT#Q
M<5;(`;]R=*!-U\A)1B=JH=ZR)R?`(KQN)#2#21)Z9H\M<:JV`13+FK65'JF

MTOT6_)WM;M


M:D2Y%'%LB&:ILJ;0


$LTJ

OQ)_E


M@];:K`H&LK5AZ@MN@I&K;7?=]@;FYI3C?;'7ZFFZ&HMF(5\;C`;%XYWFCTV
M$@--F2N&Q$5CZC


==#WKH&



43S(/T/%T\'%?
M9C?%MSUW(M@S26P6%&^X


MI!R@89_L$29G?-)5^.



TK9



M7:5Z9+GT'M5TZL0D:A'.Y/1I@&20$KU&TX@

I)JL_'LGC(
MROJ)5TK4;'7#UY

T

L?N+BQ
*V&SMVD&#+
MAO&0+0:82ET

MF1



MK
[WWQ@

+!KB-
MA!X%M1-+9R/^?:=

M;0L7N%





M%`4)=D(VL)/$26@G.)02N=FC:9:XSW=IF74`_PNT$&6U;3ZC@LJV*)F2NG:`

VTX;:.DC4'QU

M0%9*&=JWUPW]AWBO0(NX*W?J






:VEO$H(4

D5O=5KY46JV;U+GR_
]T
MQ\LF7P


M/MC\]/PC']

M+Y

E$W]*JGF#\UNVO\FSZK#C`0J3


ME$KJ%VN6I@X+2#(V*=+=%:AJOC#E&0.?1XR5MFRNGG!-08Y`



BA

;^;H4BO*`:C49E?:0`3E`'%^


M4A^'F

*&J+DBU







57EV+@NA/$I-W,A,O13P3G/^1$M[.Z&[8/TE


MI_1ZEUWU]\YE7UN9RZE8J%B23CF][Y#U]#4=


M3REEL@(XO%!Z


M;+K%5&U)IN5D;2#9(%V[P-:(L*GBV1!E4V;.*UT9U=`DK&VO#1=!AU].9RM?
M&

M-FZ8DB@3ZD;0`H=%4LRZ
P(5:

FC_G`V:0=7#!


GUMK*YH-OM5V9F]@M4J0<5W==-5_[%0IA/J\]$)9NO
M1?-8+@JJD4E3+
ONAK0-
SMVHM!Q/6PAWTO2/CFTXSDP$;ITI16(9OUAJ$#;






MQ'OP;7K/+NL%4R7VH+?IX0

MU4&0PQ+]@GS?[WU94Y!3H6_)M_


V[ES&BEYXV3^=/

ME.S]B1G!07\*ANKZ.@Z;R$TT6*W22BCW@U@4=:DBD'\1\/OC@+$QQB)XUL
MS[
03%/HC_CB.%2WZ*


?D.R$*\`.-^?I!VCARS%9T8&[5XS1/7UVUE/_#H(JO5^

4F%[*M:)\7_*NIVY96
M709]49_;HEH\T860HGD4K;LL326?D$[!H9A.'F13WK^X/;'^G6#FC+Q=RJ4A

M%O:]#/NIEWK6V'X4A%P'/90WJCD2/*M






MR$4

M)+*=







Q(7&J+@T]A:

M!X5.T5V/C)=9KH4=]7XR3
VUF'BZ*)@F.OFS




M?_F=R9


MN!MS@P.4V@YT'$C+SOA.E*1AGY

\J(\1)\1


I



MU*IZB8BB?JPKW-1_%6
2\RA+$8I]&#LI3,GLD+H;MMPG91;3$4?K%E'9SW
M/1XI61FB4,]=3(D)IP$9B2'`&YU$F2G%(*]20^D7QFYE]E.7!&F4QEXK



M4HRPA6:^IO/(M2)ANA$:5S^H78`9=CJ/9/P$]C\W



M4JGCUJQ12:%=I[)LJR5.=+2)EH]%TY5M6=T.S4?M[@K=I]7'HON:KXOGV6;3
M

&`*8)7+R


%$LX_)RN8BJ95JN-QV]%'E8
M?@-:MN
E*'





M3PLW9TEY0:#

*32&WH








M]LNC-!@T;-+TFA/JK[PM87-;K'=7VHJ?=+CUOC(V1KJJ]$['M[[6RB+0(W)=
M$M:3!`Y24C

W
S5=D*6O











M7&SRSU(YKT?'#]/(!HD1ZL3HF1&FP\@GD;W?&HPCQMTX*H[




MLGG






(AS`*%5K
M5[8
QGI/LG@V8L5\RS;_PQ(LAXA7RZ@ZX!]:Y-X!^NY6B`OO&+VW@W_1#=+H

NO(.0C&%]D+[VCN

0(
I3ABB$$0P
MHG&40M*CB?W




M^Z[N]?7#@&$:I(B##(4HB2&)`[%^!'S*(YQ`%:$TMNB$
MG=5G$`/4(OS7$^

82`4FY(8
M)2`
0Q:J*=U,)8%]1BH=TJJ)_V73)
=F$M3/MQ(



MXHJ\6+;RJ59
0:H#.?D_6MGZN.G



M!O4^JK3_MQ!KO[.0'E^H.(;@]V4P7/OMZ8LKI8[!VZ-]Z]JFH3
UNQ5\UU
M#BAJ?^G



E/G.UG

2.ZQ-W79MP^D.Y(*KP*P
M#[.`8D0SG],H2G%&@MXV/X;*5[._:
FZ.
V\D[_G7=WNQD/+.RS=Q\-;'#F

Q&%$L`#

M16_-&/-L\(DYB@8KU).U6/EE66P6

MRDT[L.G7O/UPCU'(6
2CD?)9PS%LN%./0Q\[


1KT#=







MRV^+B$1I0`
*23.@!PG,`Q[N#CE2&V(_EPH!SW3HP;FYXWWT!G@4=[#X_0
_WCA;<0?*^^\9OG-R^_N\MNI\P]+_C@A'G/O`$=T

`
$
`9B)-+`%'&(@WZ]-(YB-;G2


M)T1T-*..J.!X.TK#6VU

M

LA10/T4

TG_EZ77PO0[_;BA:ES9V(NN1YX-/.BL\889'7'7?
MJKQM/^-M__S;<N,CZ(/=V?E,9!K=6(B\^NJ\VOW(L^[*ZLN\=@]F+?'7CWY




+2H]
M;VH$#8\TM_?Y:KO.+^\.`W`N[[K&%7$LR;[)6)?O3B?7LM'[.O_6$
'%_RXX
M!T'


`4+ZC'0]V.@V^I5


M;9)+MHNW!TU%=M)\


M?N:RX05[

0NH8$WHG7].%9)OBT





.7F8P:#(S``L&.F


@QOC\GH9\W)JO-65DS
6.J44G0TA
MU#GHYD-03PRT_34HW;]W0^QC70UWH:P/6D#=YPPT[J`ITOQQFL]T_&P8B1?T
M]OTDX#(DB]^!7SSP%VX/+N#/\K+N[FNZ?N!_[??E5E&`O31F:VN4(`*]&
9Q




MDF[Y


M


M@Y8(S2P7CA](GDV'L)@

MX#\PP_BIJMOR?WUME1M$;

M/^L?QI0MRHFSQXO%+]:Z)$C#0]RG@PO[YIXV
DC3.R)D361L.*%D!0^595UF

M[O.;O?D2XOHA*[=LH5'F&[:V*+O]P#NVQLC7[2J
0A)G!($#-Y/9<M)KV76;0(+'JH:W`]P^5U!'5[9
E2]I`M6JUZ




XS@@_LM2;=2
L


MW5J*2SG-&FBT9
YUAJ
S6J6#64MT2HLK;VZJT46/NCX=:B)&R/-2XJ/$C1!R
M/#=-W






XC&LZN.ME[QF
MJ4
*R`M(-GG3\#=G!L_`Z)K:$S)FXR4P*E@8*LGJC8-W@(YC`@Z=.(@C]V-_
MJ:FFUX#





X\C(!
M'7H:)R)4130+/50%GB1EQ$8(']$1K)4ZSV@G`
:_Q^3L_TN\
.)O#*VFTN
M-K(R;D58U!5]@




MZ5

M:W7IS?D





MMTL1L7D;2DRY41MSV,NR:,1)3M#TAG]TD&M):JEQ95*?\M3O9FR.VIQ_==



:\;L!#NR
ZU!
?1KCA`0HCF&0
M9!A.*D=B*G0H;L;7+ZPV:@DN%=K$A
8P8_

M#6$N&?)WN74F\73TEZW;:`Q]E*01E)O&PT%@1.HG2#FY2%1=0$@YN\;LMU
M^=S?^7]T]9CB

M!B6*PD
&8R%$)`A@Z#M^A'SL9IGKC\92-TW5A4?4PB+0\_*F.*(\REBN*8

FI6'H!_X


KU

M=!4@RU`KFM=8EE/9+

B$:71




:

M:!;;9VL:EXBB)7*]D+-O:B.7HWBFN-\6O-:JW#Z*HB-1Z(2QBRF)B4=]$I$P
MGC(
H1]+/H/NY9?CZY5^?6';<X0<-&(Z1H+)B=^PE%!

M!.Y&8&`]()
4?+ULB\GZQ8B6$^]NTXK?;=D!!2/2*S!@!1-8D'Q(OA%YEB'R
(LA<S#

'7HWVRB!:5O28XE56]/ZR!\!^A&[5M:[SZ@
MZYS4Z6+:%I73YL^QP.DE2EC;/FV9V:)I;_+R?D4(I2D-`IPE*'6SA!*83C8H

M&O9*0U.1.:GY6[GE*;713E*Q'I8_%K=\F;D*8^@Q@WZ


MPX%+/8Y4NMN=E
+WFR:?BT-#R(.8)JE'


D9-Y&+EL18!@






M@??+FB


MEY

S'=S












MEW^JTU2FQT50N$YXZ5:=)A?HY0F[=_SXK%^1'YLF##SD19!$'G9BU^^J[BP?

4_12\D




M38=]^\%(


);M3^/F6_

G
M<)ID$%[H(SRV?#.RMK'\\YJOJT<BP4$^B9$(`@C'S3QA%`;:].#1M1^0&



[(#TS61;47`!A8`CA6RY_HD
M(#!TS7&\(_NP^1FHL\_X@ULXFHJDX1U(2BJ1'4U/XJ#.PU//P))AK*$XZ\I=

MT:FZEAVJ$(GV%@Y4'3A)G5^YG/_#8H9_+H^T-:\.
*Z?X^S:XR^CM-BL;(


RKK1J^72



\B_!E4)-7@\H?Q!PP1Y?CR<%^JDY.4?!T*&!3Y5JN/O?'
M2N[/M.`_2.ZHM?)
%`6AZWB1ZP8.\2
8@T[F`^RO
KH?*+EE'B/T6@?U:]U:
M)/Q&'PWAKQ?=/6SS'[2JNFVZ[W2OZOHXP;\Y3O`31@;UA&EI8=F#5$9:#HF$

M



+PT88R!QN=3
MI
Q03FAV^&
GB$





*(*4%`-:0@PHX1&#AM^BL
.

MF$4)1J;C
8D9Q
@/H

W(!+(

M%G2Q5=UX


TD=4







MFG#S+*X^WQ&:#5YA+O^9=W!MND$6?!0I/]

MSU7

]@`EQB&7'/K&LS@XO%F]!J^+ABOFR
M




M'R=I4=7TTK(:-3[11[HMC=_2_7V:/?L-X]\I$X#%^K[Z:^YB/;H



*6
[9&`?(BQX9AZ+LX(M@CP&YM


M&N^TBS?[Y5ZL-1Y#)@N1V$@S?T;H-QXM@

MK@L91\#(`IZ#HP`$%D&1':
P\MC/Y73E-

2GO7
MU]2[

ISZL


_I$IU!8J\MON!47U\X]M3^E]4:

W@SL/)P\.A0R'JX^WKIP_@^=OC1%S@2]V_DW`




DSCJ5YIE_7*=
MTEE&`;1X;E@Q:W?T48YA
Y


'\Z[/:T7
MWJX9OO;-($XW@VONJ?BIAD2K+3




=]BV/_)J]FD(8X3!(`(XC

9RO/$@%\P/0DCW(^C!GAIN0CBTT\Y^Q+DW'EX:I+
'



MMH/L52O3VW0(L

5QAZ=IY6TZ'[B/EJU`MV:'1RL3O+[1)GOM?

K3F&?D1(6S


MNJE1_U8'+Q^R8CD3D(



L61JH1J11G!/#T9&QCEA






ULFOGFW8IK&F
MNUQ7J_96T<OEUU7YO7Y8U\V7=O-7D6ZK@<;&_FY7K*I/I?5GWGU-2OF


9?\_K56%;9]_QK62RK6IC<(<R_





M``GD/N(\](%($QP*AEB,1
)%K%\BR'=GR09!]2;SNZLU/IF'5:B+'2!I/E




W2P'J(=W3];8&5G5/;9-5B?V.B=KK7KB

&68A`+&L!\\


MME(9JFWY&7JSKE;9;55'80QC$7$
.3U_X9A)$\8^/4_$HX2'6)J_FC7IWN





@67*;^*W_#:O0]XL\O7GO.K.QV$.:!JSB*24
M`!8!GF#1!2



M2@UW?&K


=HD1$C(H(0QXFA%#&@=^/X#'6N!T*&.DXSXM*N4






MJ/_V0[8NEW(#I?^=NT59KNHP%UZ^R&^K57&;+2Z:!_AQL7FXJ?_D-^6^5_HC

?B4W=X7RWSUO-\W_[XJU^L9
MX2'A7

M'E^:MS?&;X2-/+1_WZ$C`WH+MDYD&&\CD]+Z


WDB?+*5



)GG

M=MRK(V^:)9
G\JK9RJ9T\B3:&`[

;I4X!M;GUZCZI3]Q4GISQVFOB;SA(R4[_%LG



M;17S*.Y!(X5YBYTR?=:8&JB





D2$QN-/








M5C%`!J+D+%M&9E+F'J
]$XHK

MEU
^WW%W@


F/*'$)
2AX^\.Q1UO7$P0

M)*Q\G^LB;X[UTYG7Z)
(10Y.

MW1WXL0M;?0S+E:9?Q[`/V



MBM]

MR2.&S

M9
GQWZT[^XEF#3/-.I]J5EM9SR?;M![=U'#
#X.P.5`TFD:*O*J^S4JW4@*%





J\






M8`:!V:J'XJ8=H/2UA+X.D7H#2^?%#S_L&8&\0R7[]:&PGHJ\9L(_?L2_?N#H


M0-*.


OVZ2^-=5=5^V;X


M
A_FV)F57S^!-GA6+2?5D`FEH.OTTTKH088*/X[\Y6[Y-33+90L$F&[)3$





R2W#(/4R%-@V#E/;SU
MHZ%UC(

Q4[L!W3`+#&!Z[8H-

MI`(.F=;A4^:0Z1S9=-EW`+=V3I9YJMX[95K.L2D:I:@WETZ95)&D
&M24MQ6

MBE#&Z]Y.;HE'
@?B*YB$6[


RG:#

M$G!#1I&,4-A_`C#



`K$$LJ]+`IRZ2QHVA5$

M[$Y?A_;[F=/:JHZ+CL3W-*_E.KBXZCB
2J5[G?%A_\Z.['F9W$Z/NC\YH9_\
M#=MUDM!.@@!G+J]`%(0AW[$EOA\AWR61ZKB^%:%K5I7AO&9V/?M&D)J.2
$U
MWPEU

P
WM4NIL3&/J&4
Q(
MO*:MXG8US[,1K37`?;:B:*PSQ*`H0]7D\09;L@[S!L0IUPRU%`U^8!@PPT'
^6%R!%D;$6T&%FN@T(:Q05]<J_6\CT(M[






]</DYRG/]RW?%51G%2=&=Z]<H#2*%
M*J^B1!5?LD]CW=V

MR5-:9$D\

M?9[?L*BXDTGVHQ72&PD
P'


M3EOH799










M^

MZ_:&Z%ON)AOLRFQWD;SC('W+WF5#WY90WS*TWMZWHM([]]8V^W;(]RVOW8VN

M*U^D)HN'C%B45^O@EURE$[.8V(+$-A_#(=@S
&].7ALI%7M#]UWPQ1@[[V






MQ^8).G







M-XM;9SXN.'ME&L%:94OG$&4CU]8YM..RQ9G]]6[T['=W$RJ7N;%T[:5GW6

NA1GP0.SV/!B$#2+J
;B?.?UY


&@

;TB*ROC2P

[


PO

MKF7&UD'TTR+%89J11:#?2J'B:Y1\BO+U%S
=8*7QR$QA63JH]Q2/0N6#(O




+[BAB_5F

K6'T!?<A


9E4<^D$00I\`R*1GSD?J7U<KMIX[QU@LZ'_-L8?X81:^W18






GO=]HU%/8Y-X;GX6%3!@L+UU@_^DW0A129D?
M8]PJ+GK+O3$ZK4L`EZ/!LR2_I<'QMW0K-3?OGJWKRH-2GGTCSHMSF[O*[M
MR)..YU-&)'9`B`,@0[&:#]`)]NPZG)Z7I[:*RNSV4GEG[-4YMGO*MVL[6?-


%N@#WF
-*^



MAX-P)0?1_0DI25];DR=M4-S/ZDSGV#,0@(!QA@QI'/5^Y82+3G)P8&2ITU




MR.L:A*`CMR%KB!Y+)MB'-.0PT)-$.)XO/`R]U5J
_6`O-]
?VZ[(OAX.)1/
M`@V9PP#@+

MDZ]:TWJD@:&ASX'KAZ[G24FXNW+(`4![O^(W/$CSV1WI(:R'%(4J-QG
HL$(
M23^D+O1#IB'PS&





X.C


MEE.UG_/K*@=F
5\M9M.'R;IXJHBE,5U#V=_%[U4'7_HSY-96)WT'I#4SFE#
MC+)262*LL/7(X+_:N6?6]-B

M8X.\RW;0=:





@J]P;0L4``1-!0#C79R,1@2Z\^&:UMZ_K\7DU7AOG^;[M2!C?[?ITD<UC^G
M7Y[<_.'(=-HTY!Y'.UN`KDVT@`O9*FJ=J./3N




M2!D]_.Y(6746O'?





8\P1Q)#;G1P.AJ7L+Q@1^VZ*U65*IT

5





DBYO`R5[*^3_BDJ=05S
M5F)%#V*ZBOYZ517]

M+;5:




=(U=PP6`2])-!PBP5D




M'`J&XP\[AXSEL)JI(CXU?-Y9=E1OJJP?!G6*]F!:[%+M%914S%/*7'2:$:1




=19


FU0$^.
J`
K`N%LMR=.Y27T1JE4B;])INL0WEQJ:S'?
MC_:
KCK\-IA2H@RBN`$%=

XP;^P9Z-:0Y2/+6OVD@R=N/@[%





\2L%0BC;!49EXB

]/RM8PXU(_+Q?

*YQ!6J#H-WY-UG).X())4G3?M\
;S&5.WS
MS8-@#'!*F#)0(BD5T)5L[:(#%PIN+\TH






%''2.()`;6-X





\P!^QZ
ML?CSPW.Q?%A.'B_
^WC=-$B

MX_)C.O%?`@.($8P





9

MIZLR+6ZSC'_N@*EQ2E08

MQ^G]CG6U?
K3+_7!_-8:*[]81K@JC*Y=IOT/+!CHJ8-*`*68!4(I'!WNK:04
907AK_\
=L^N6@KM6(%O/YD0;/




SQXM@QN-(X9
+Y/
Q*X

GGA&(8I.KXKL5-@87YV=
M2MO^&U/5/(88!?=9X
N_#^A18&.KZ-[B-Q.*2SQ;4I0.PE@+#ZF$0BNMV)
I

$Y/GN]MM)^


5A!3K(
M4ZBW1#8`_)E1@7IB&+.$$








B@BSVPTQ!`P`I64`BERWZFUKA0S
M?

M2%^=AIRNE(;;*9&JQ\W\&.&L1?6;$4$H2R#'*B6-2
T\)J32`H+QW)SI]KW\

AD)A7^E1&^QQCS1B2B#-FN8
5

_U9'?]WDYYK:=\6%:SQ$`TH`K

#W;S&_WU%T4]WDQ4V026LQ
M=!Q18Z



6JF(*BV`$BG/8@.D)1<TXKC$.M<[VCL_
]@K(C48SYLGZ_

MEC(@6*V5T#/M-RG+M0F1^Q\&3+!FTD.AA8_T4*PD+ZE1WN?V[ICJ(=23J%^_
MD[R$QX

^.#P$PFY2N;S=^N]FQ]217P?$H746
/WC(WV1%J*D7=.P_@__H1S
MIK*SU-JBXL_]0[S(\O5VN*JFETCX#5@N9.W`?E;,/ZY88$;(@7F&A#HXZT


=UAC:S&5T7H0TG
%2^H$S0XY
MYC;@?8





&FT48
C7.KH3#K$/U.$XVFN8(QQW



MW[*O?GC@GA-FHPN!&5'60(RE*ZGF.MN!:WVBO73@KA&(/;![H-

9[W?/1XP,CAA.[5


-

MF
O3K2W?3#\$4W93EDNWOX


MI1&I?7+5




M'EW?]6_[`\;K7

0$:A+2%6B
!6&2=((B5]$7G
MKO]4K)'RR;L3_*H?5H\&I=H;C3.C`B






!E'(K



MY=I@2+RB$*.28]RJ['(XUZ].&F/IK3H94B33U#2_S&=?YHMH2OK5^BA#EG?J
M]G:]*^X^+.

UNG;972S74_@.!*6H
T]@I8E)M&.0E*;EG
M


34%,#8#:`@(
%
ME(QCI&HSH:[1IY=.




M_L]J6:1V8KMVY]B1\4$CFYX]








MI?:F6M!9`:X:0J9:507.4IW-KZ;YCGVPSKRSWYK;PCB#%)B$.0
2PLH24.





QU1XL+Z6RK(63`



DOZE+-9LQ#2PAH3E!9(&8%UJ
MTR
F4XLHUX\6RBW/Y_G#9L_@[.D^#D4-1OK057=_G]^N8F`E]KVFN$TIG_J=

MED%B)$%



M4D]


MER635)WVW--=D-'4

M)#(@__UKGL?PF;J[F\;')C-;G?!;-JRHT%=O
H`PEII3KKE@W.!8O+%*WY#V
M@BI8=L;8]VLDC%2+O9B^XG8=Y8CAY
WM?A_F]\7B\4U0X


M$VD!!B+8`H!M)7)PSU)O_!M1$EFWZC\%S?;U7XKI@\F?S+;7&_GPV[X=K(//

M?%^6W[O/9A2%-9S6A@/G3
0%(%E)H)-O
1Y1_E.WW&@#U:YX\3E_F$;1YJMX
M8?Q!6KQ]-)-$2QZ$!LC'Y!5HH*



91@XPIQ&*=X9(;^&K-19&OK=[`L^5)&V@VO7*Y7_S






RO;KEU81)6T2W*[;\*Y_-_C$O_IK_

MOQ3%W5_3V:P\KOHA-#9_F



*!U3-XF2=*B*6'XZGZ[R7Z??\I]DV*.UCT%#7_[*9]_RWXKYZNNA
50,J)`^4O;13C
M/U_^*EIC[*Z]S'/`-!=<&FD(AH(9@$M<F$I&:8GWIUX/41-T\-(^1D^?ZAL


])0C

M]?H
A:(V[#&Q5@Y`BC1QNY.[AJ%`D6&,1`O5OR``[JI8W``B/J-9-HB@CSS
M#`5WU3%E/#$ED+9WH+9^Z\SQ^.P(;6I\NZ!]);UT
?2]G/H9:Z^3P_-2M4S



M+;IT)`^^;CKB!*$6^7`=@-'`_7S[]-_ETLS&RR7!YQ*QJTDE%B)(80`L4A

8


M#B2TGALAH*9$0N-
A:2R*C5+9D1'N


&D)7*A/M!38A\ZYNKU=/ZYGF^
=K_;O$O.M




MIS!



M5

M7F/G$72NJKXF*)ZH$-Y?\P7^6WQ,)_^-[\+_=;Y/+^?KI:5()4RMA/35D=;
ME1W`X816,\^DA4@@))BGGB)E+]QB@7AKL
0U&9+
13R/=L)
UE^O9D\QZJ!


M#MRM;V._;H(O$K7VL]+(+6IX*O!X*QY3\.B2%OCA^KCX=E$K6II=A'5(F]

B:(V




DV1%]I#RPB@PADH-:RF
012CZW4#UU?%:O;U
58^+PY



K$9;`8N6

MJ=&1+Y?$XFYU
3HC?!
KW71G@M]I/C/


MJ/M[OEK-\DWTYU_3U=?P?



MVQO-+L0\VR\?^T=^.F;N%=AL[NV?JLE(`MO-$96VD5(%W/
1!;VCY/W3:[


M1RF1^D5W#;E,^BMN5G6)Q0/
$).!



MB3H!].



M*Q\O9-AI1QC1S'

+!-=#(3ORRGNE:%Q(F9K^%Z?4PDN(&Q\X
M''=`I`U#J4<D(T)SQ<YF``TSS[J&Q.%V\0S]\QUCSSY;8(9HRX0KX%A3'@
MNIXSHM?DDN]%\G^O-=\SOD7WN\.RC!O+;K/\^)`D8=?;HZ5E3GZ^PI2!94A:
M`D<.*_`U.^J$93FE%^@:[Q/+O2)Z1AVROWUZ@#`^1WDR*<K&BELI0C```L<

P[9SGCR#7+A!?G.UU@/Z0A
MR-





6.81.X



WD<TA.=E`]NPL9?Q*^Y7*:,2]39WNF*55/HFG4SA4


MHR@`B4JY1ZZ!VU$TA6-Y7L3K&^/1.%5$IN
SC+B!\4)ZA!51+BV4YFH7$2V-

2(TA:08LRA0(D.0G


MT=H.41'LM





$&D\3425JK2-)
+U..Z4N&5R7XP
ME



MOFK1?

40(..PP2

M!H4@01I6SU9K5YJ1



+^O/QT^()4?-$];):K+^\C
M*%=/?U_Q9WFRG#A\8WA7CJ!)%Q$U3!(R1QI*%ZI`&G$LF)HO^F
87$`\`R

8%
MG)RXMIFZ#!6O-7EZ


J:ZFCLCOHT;`L/NZ3.WJ\WN^5_]O+]Y??_







6-KW`


X
HQJ



3S

MT4ULQ&A-I;-$'5(L%TCA9





5[(%$
0YKAF@P'#`

'Z(BSJ9D'N
)0$L

B^=8MP3

K+X4-/AI/G=\(\,UG9=T3\B7$I<QFSXT*7E%<


#A7B!+/I6$Z7D*#C9O:


MF`3P)N@A$(\B`9],8W/X(E?B#R]&/#R!+)_&P8E%&I(`3)-0BLO#*HN0:E
MS


P$WSK64%MMV?0K[JT_O


MZ%M2S%JY2&H+SS:\D2ZSN`9AG
4\GTF$+`3'A.#&&&.QN\4E2UZ[-`KYXI

X6=-9[+%.8)=SY
(4%@

M


(V$QID*)E&Q!]<SYKTR-9[<'




MX.%

.PX*

@%DJ3H




M#P0I%7U=J367UK*FL@Q[VZY6$SQS?&5J/+L4($NX\PD$*6P8
&510%(9AX@B
MIEVW
!9Z@FKR@:#A3./I4B^#MM.[


M[PL-%@T'P($T4`:#?YEG;CZW8\ZS(/B-=U0AQ`5KKBT@X;UP;T?L5#7WX_


HH&A8J2F56MTN[Y?[=[_Y/3PV
<^DYX**4(R*)J-EZI?


E@_U!_K^_T,LN6!2OGGLM[$
M;_C^\U-.Y;JX&
U

^6(^1#MQ=47#FMG.#!!27B




\^?$L]O%KKZ+QJ3.MY[??$OEI6+Q!H$XDQHD)\J%%/D0
MF)V_8]



M9[];



2-MH=0&T


M9ENY2




MSNW-ZNUF_9_Z=I=D=KB9]$%G_FLKZY`61EF&M4?*Q8TJ75*&E:.U`!^9GAX+

T+PO;7A2^M!DO:-1=3$N


$B.!`F
@`C6!O2$\\7&]#T@
MY7=@GET9(P/U]O;QX?&^&?


1RH
M




:.!!B0]

:\\55E*0HC7024IME%F&!.3+HG8]HW@3*H!
[JOZ\GZ9'WE41(62\%,3[TG<L7B7P<F%4HJ.=F.</3Z'
M5<0HJ1;K[6Z3`LAMQL65Y%)(`*-]M&J.$:V9H]Q][8I+0KAJG(IM!!*68XU
MU\X+R96@218
3J)0\
M15P/E1*0C@=WH)IY2;EUC@:<I]5D5RUBZ-2.H-GF+*4+)5
CTIQ
A`NL`P2










MDHZ0LUK8DH1K3X@ARA&@0GI


8!P




$Y0@E`F4
M$T^?$7-=[R@,U+SBRN@],VO-=J&OAN4^)9./L*2_?':!5&(`&SQ<H3549J9
MYM21?M61W=D-



M2#5QYL\LPCNMZ=*OQ$.6(=83WA%H'(A07?*E-FKCHM4U+HZP2=)SGPEJQB+H

M(($*SP@@43Z=E1B5O
9$3Y)7/O2X9W6O!@@O).']W+.U;SZL9E&J=GB@NI

K
M291C=:A&184UU*`

M







/#H5*[CA)?%O/:/;*@

ME$)7@P[$:O3#CK-U`CXC('NVG2X?0#WJ[C#T?


[;CO+?E)C47

MU!JA:J7%M:Q''RWMJC1G!UU/7_Q=#!
'07^ZD&H%3E7.]8_DS]85-B4AA.3`

T(%Q2Z(V-1;@.B=Q+ND6;VNZ
M]`J;YAEB/6%3*[W04JM@TOI
F:
Z-.BGA76I!!V)/(.$3?-

M&A=!09BV%)OQ`;*X[(#5@/9O'3;-0WP=85-03JAT7(D6
0&-UHA88\*#646C




O#9)ZTUNT=!1?1*8B24Z_3
M3*7
!%_C%R6;I`/H;#2.UN0ZK[9=Q#S3B2_;PZ'],SO*U-``G6*&^]U32R
MX)$;!!=8]`0)A;



M1H[




9XW3H91TO:0P4+NTT92Z2S/W$L:9

MLKQ

\==
MB)1$B;2Y'4`]G:29Y)PR8EK;OW5&3![BZ\B(B2*$H'UR"I`E`DA*1O?+]W

:;%66'JRG+#S?\`M=[YY=?Z1O
)_:'_6YW0DZ



*`$_M4_NC/I%H
M^)
38YXH^)
'%4`YU1291!2


MJ!E?*T7R[KD5PYL=['=W^]OMQ^

MD

OF]WG\LUNY0E
VG


V\N`U#5NQ_DX2:^?2TM\K7DQ@
27


I'V!0B2



M9ICT0'KW;K/]F


M[NJ5(XX9L#$2#C0M$^F

23QU]6K+/(



M3GA3FII@YZ9^[?


M5^_Z7+[;;W?W=1#A6+B__/A*`?Z51184&!

C(LTYZGA++IZ?`BNZQVH

-[


4F^=#Y2BBSXXWD@\6LFN

MSI-+&&X.


P21'%RY-7MZ6[S=[^5


#-Z?_


MBT2$8!16/JRQ0=K5+

MG4UFD^QN[1-+$S.)=QTI*\LYF?/K%Y1-VHEM281(D)+]
)/$IBB@^^M&W[%:


M
%R.D7T8\3+46@




/^K
;E:UNEEN
^[;'7]





A-LG;Q0X!K$'
MO+!*/B!2EH@C0/
DU%:F$^6.


MS=(O&@NZ_OUKC
MCU1SRXMAC=#


B




M1'9?U@SK`TK!

M5^MO75W(P3T5/=_4W/1@HHRH48&C%*`9#B\U]QY5

MDX'R@-$BL\RQYC+WN]U+BL5ZYG_5)N

MY8G'JXCH+(GI+%4D$@K-?^W.P
K](+E




4&
Y2(=PV&C=X&W'%4GYMMEHO'7F^MG`0B26*`IC0*3B1`9[\ZJB;RET\9
MF6/2?\)SN/_Y6T6'G(A$52.YU!)B=!T]$56QYKSBL9BQ@#8

M6#UR+:*PZ(`0=$)3I?$V\2*8
_N+0\8N4]B=/^I?@M#C?94DPBKFG59(
=FA
)\KCGSKO/#Q?SOM[6

`\J!TKW)LHFIY1]N



M3*$$C^WXL[U38W]YL)+-D&(`K9
/I[@Q7GC5[H;U%,W1QL+6PH#OYLUQQ_
MA/_L_KE87WQ

V-`\I




M9W'$_[M)S'JS3%N]V9HFVZ$9'[\NEN]N1]1N8UK-)-`M8?ZKOOSRM4EI_JC7

=U)JC97FUOE(0`H5G7+$$AM:_G$#N7;I_!/40TK.B7)S

M




K&((U!EB3HU6.

IN2--*S1&&ZTT&MTDAN
LXRT'
M@^W9QH.RK)IOJ




1LC
F(0NUV$@!.?M^-EX
O#

2
XHD)3'P&=0D$6]K



MY=QJ'+K.-V_23
=KQL`8%$E1.NJ%\^T^J
BNDQZHK^F

IB+S%'HQX?3S)EY;%1R(&*ECP:7#



MYA


?[\?GE[7]AMW=L^


7![`I;@T:Q6__5\C
Q;HR5MH(PH.-TIE$.Q'N)NPE


M#\;4

.)UI0=$*



M38Q0HK.GO#JG2V
G/_B+LVO6`-\;9^BZ/-ZOKJYPM6X^-$FXZZF%5.DTY2'I
M*D6T;:Z09C1T)VWBR1D5

0.
MF3H\26EOA6I9?VDX04CHB<B5/



`M]SC14`,(BHDS7IM-92!-%%)Z*QN74`
M9SQ\]^Q$?ES(G+;(WX7S&@[.4][[++!(TTRS`S8:'RD+


MOXH_F[\V]?D?%S]]O:P_7VZNFTGI;H7KQVPC_L0,03-I&0,FN&IE5$XKR
M0%`;$O?Z^:\=L
D.CBA!60R4!X*

M6

!416E-2S%ILKW].9;-3'[P

M?XEWD1]9/(`!=@YD9Q9X/PF]W4[&F
0.^AA

?`8)(T

D
DTZ&
UJB6[J#IS[5`,QZXQ6I\
_J_G:='I]6E-K/5D0X












$T2^+'8I.9#G92?@P3=ZMZI*A]'.W




]J#Q*_\95RV73I@WLWUUBV*!XJ3



M;KR20\@=PDPS4X0NW1^U0
+7
M:+B`W-)<VCM3ZJ/Y<&]0&7WP/;+5'(/++:J^\0*H[27(#5SP$
D;2(S=;F#



W59[**



G!J(5/6.!&(

5%-%X5=_^^?;SY.'_PHLNZ*JHI
M!P-(J



I0'U$1
MLQ2:?#0&

0871FMM-


21\E
MRFC=$E^$:WAI(';I'5[J!\PTC+B_2CJ%BUX]7
E0MZI%H@@1')
)PD$U.P+F

M(X;Z@5


M%`INA63
!`



M-95T?OWW^FZUN9M2S-[Z=D6E)0;8]!X8H`*Z5IZ.XVYN1#J6_EM?E:FI@-

G#2'H'W[]:KV^$F?5!Q$BCH0E
*T-%?9A52#S4:^BEH1

^$&)


M

M







VCWA(J2P.%M/Q`+$?C
!A)


M@I:BH9AP
!-<EZWNWNYI]IW&[?WK^GY
MXLS8C[%/3Q^BS,X#C%_J:_DG


8,TACST9P)Q'`.A_NF#?7K\,T'WO]7='YO$![NMU#=0NHB^29;9
MM6<[WV(XXYM53)JG1*EB5,9IZJ*6+<V\H+GQXK.*2DOP+\]E0$R'Y2C\?\!%
M-:2!W.,3503?(B$2@\A.N88MFXV9F*NE[+X?

HOMN5W=Q]]Y
_-NND



YQ1`YZCX)(0(X.QS?HM$S
GOH\V+F@(
M1+?CT7D*5?:W^^WGU?WC+L;SF!2



1HI:)1
R&)X.=2
II*4WZ]=2

VDU3H+WO;^0^WCP\_/K^

MO'ZX8C:(H*U#:;0FTD5+6@4:=;B@]A$#H+H=F)S3..GV

M3/*@B3`NW:+2(_+8[$O*TVVPEL
FYX#ZRN]V/BFG9Q'LR2+[YRM%#$I)E*`
MC+`L1B::?7GF9^GGOC`6R2-E5I[?[GONE^WF[^WNXFS6T:$(OL.K%:F--P0P
M6IB@D[;E2'ND,@*Y+3H&TD=&BSP.P!DCD3@O&?2PAO6O(^7HG=^MN%U34+@

MN5Z[


MM2SWJ!VH!/AB&'ED7
I)C[^H*AC#?$G?(PJU`G5GOMZ\!A/N'G3V=ECA0)



(]8RZ_4YD




EWCK)?0JN?'5&5[I-P2CCHSO./'.X.NN`O]O
M)H3II[*I+<1/3\J

`#*$
^TT

:4.U




MXZ^HJ%)Q1\_OP^\_%



MUB




M$8&


MKO5B5MS'.7XLJG(^^7695\M1E604NGZ?]'-6HAW-='EEFCLG]G2+#//[;98_
MS*ME[*WT2]B
X^.JJJ.P=E7%




M$?/7HOI:WA8Q'W?=&.
`(K\\8



MYL7HR@BZ$='CT%$'@'.`
RXXP
RU`6SI16K2UQE6-%R-$O07V\60?BN3#C'1
1FSCOZ\IB1E0C[&W4GIE-%840.*$Q8;R
M(-8.#2F'+*^,;'U-'N$OIJM)/:.J5KCEN@%1/+?^-/\PG\6VZH$DX=/NW\T
JRPX8
M
MY%YY6R/F@&Q`A!3C5H9DPI2\U8[=_8:K[

MJGQV7S]W
.]W#IY1(H@'6&II


M:TL


M&:6$0I@U^$@ED]NC7U1HIS-)7KB#?7C0SW$EL45XY6U9OW#38.Z:5@T9;TH(

MVH['TKU-IAKBO??'3AL9ITB!BF@H
?MHS@,%V]M2CM[%9=Z;`_&3()Z5



`TP`5Q('[8!%F47W'Z/H3S1U1K;CY].YW_$
_Q#_^G^*\,/_`5!+`P04`````#]

M
C`Q-#`V

MG5?_4W5XP`!!4.```$.0$``.U=6W/;.+)^WZK]#SA^V6S5*I9L)S-)369+




'
W
MZ`M^O0NE^F/1K$H%/WU[#L??7N)5Q:R@H1QS#`E[S:.9Y;H1M\.@CI[Z'E


M%?66VW`#FO:PSP7^QT9)&2UM@@(T95%0E8CB\J85&/6@7^-9+U1O!H-#EJ
M:4;Z4M8S0];KQ(P/AQ:S`6Z.G!V
\/.:NQLK\-CFDO^[FFDN8SDI%ZD0L/$#
MV#AYW\9&(9KB!7CZZC9E:W5K2(V.D37:&Z!WS%7LR-;\'%7LTIQFIK2P0S^

MY%^C5$Q#@QQ

?SJ`



M=)JI\6



M@C$K_V\HTC`6M3W744[=;28X#:$/V:XAY(!H0N
+5)@_E?MJYA
?18NQB:



M?

M`[2R1


RIF4%O3,
MV8@B(T75V$Q1)R=X&)X;<^!%@\%BS6:&*?D1G3%L/JX=@HRZ*F<$,*QD23
M@E&3!WN:I`%=)M;)^(!^N\9,6%0;3+V0\I6?L2Z1-L)I:(&5*`7VJ[H5!-:
M[G+'NE33`M2&E9IB+-/!;^K[./Y8Y+A-\$^GZAJ:W4)?#L+SQ15V2*6)(=

MK(SB#&2[OX5*3,3RZ9B8_\YP);OYPL_(M8S9]2&EKN=.6Q@/S1?@&Z.[V&


M@1!YF




IPK1\M-NT#8K
:.NA#J%

4@6]4PQKW7







ZKR^\&M673.D@6HS8XPKJ\KQ7\VR

DT@BT&%Q*'29T')]446#&



9??O\2GI^P'!`F/@^7]
D&KV0




M6&FD;H_6XE&0Q9'I^SJ.IFCK3HS;]0U_J\&5([6M&C]:YM8SUF0J@;L_4(
M


11:N-(&EI2B*[90??@9+HR5\8:N8
_L#/8MX


S*&L.BNP9
M6*5'M67^2T6A9OS5^+X0_R$!IA!

MDC8


M2]-#D(FQ



MT`4M@E34#9-@P4K\P:.#@=L-`&`Z[H'?

M3%%UH;HA1;.6B6.CL6WQ_6B11X[-&]A7&?!SGZEQ1'7RSM1+&956J26$-6




)IFU6NL#C[EQQYC5W&E
FEA]?*-\.)@K2-QC:&RN!YFV8%4G+3U
M#):2SCY[]

EF5BO:@I&.M[((W44;X1
L%G5.K:^8






MPSMH7.ARWQ-%



M#=

R`U/+
%)+MK
MMRIZ.ZF(FRWV(^([

R




M\AM[HJ6XWG5/M2

)D)ZUQ4A8QBN8=I*

ML@N7C73H0N3WT4UEG\%HV$WU1'X?W92YYG_ZS6).?)-_LPZJ*NS[Z!KQU)^&






M+3(P
30P-C

M'@

M8RTR
#$T
#8S


M;F
M
C`Q-#`V
S!?;&%B+GAM;%54!0`#G5?_4W5XP`!!4.```$.0$``%!+

M86YC+3(P
30P-C

M2P$'@,4`````#]8AQ%B_9'$-`:``#Z60$`$0`8```````!````I(%&FP0`
M;&%N8RTR
#$T
#8S

 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LegalMattersAndContingenciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation1'

