

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-18-015135
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20180527
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180809
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180809
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LANDEC CORP \CA\
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001005286
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FRUITS
 VEG & PRESERVES
 JAMS & JELLIES [2033]
		IRS NUMBER:				943025618
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0529
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27446
		FILM NUMBER:		181006369
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5201 GREAT AMERICA PKWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 232
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6503061650
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5201 GREAT AMERICA PKWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 232
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054









	
	











 D.C. 20549




		

			


			





 2018
 or


		

			


			














			


			




			


			






 California 9



 including area code:







			


			




			


			









 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ___ No 




 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 


 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 


 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. ___


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See definition of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.


		
			
			
			

		
			
			
			




 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act ___




832
000 as of November 26
 2017
 the last business day of the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 based upon the closing sales price on The NASDAQ Global Select Market reported for such date. Shares of Common Stock held by each officer and director and by each person who owns 10% or more of the outstanding Common Stock have been excluded from such calculation in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.


 2018
 there were 27
735
798 shares of Common Stock outstanding.




 are incorporated by reference in Part III hereof.



















			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			
















&rdquo; &ldquo;expects
&rdquo; &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;intends
&rdquo; &ldquo;assumes&rdquo; and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are made based upon current expectations and projections about our business and assumptions made by our management and are not guarantees of future performance
 nor do we assume any obligation to update such forward-looking statements after the date this report is filed. Our actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements for many reasons
 including the risk factors listed in Item 1A. &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and the factors discussed below.




 develop
 manufacture and sell differentiated health and wellness products for food and biomaterials markets. There continues to be a dramatic shift in consumer behavior to healthier eating habits and preventive wellness to improve quality of life. In our Apio
 Inc. (&ldquo;Apio&rdquo;) Packaged Fresh Vegetable business
 we are committed to offering healthy
 fresh produce products conveniently packaged to consumers. In our Lifecore Biomedical
 Inc. (&ldquo;Lifecore&rdquo;) Biomaterials business
&rdquo;) business acquired on March 1
 2017
 we sell premium California-sourced specialty olive oils and wine vinegar products.


 a key differentiating factor. Both businesses focus on business-to-business markets such as selling directly to retail grocery store chains and club stores for Apio and directly to partners in the medical device and pharmaceutical markets for Lifecore.


 Landec now has two operating segments &ndash; Packaged Fresh Vegetables and Biomaterials
 are included in the Other segment because it was not significant to Landec&rsquo;s overall results during fiscal year 2018. Financial information concerning each of these segments for fiscal years 2018
 2017
 and 2016 is summarized in Note 11 &ndash; Business Segment Reporting.


 1986 and reincorporated as a Delaware corporation on November 6
 2008. Our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol &ldquo;LNDC&rdquo;.




 &ldquo;Apio&rdquo; and the &ldquo;Packaged Fresh Vegetables business&rdquo; will be used interchangeably. The Company decided to discontinue its Food Export segment during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018 in order to focus on its higher margin
 differentiated Packaged Fresh Vegetables products. As a result
 the operating results for the Food Export business are presented as a discontinued operations in the Company&rsquo;s accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and the financial results for fiscal years 2017 and 2016 have been reclassified to present the Food Export business as a discontinued operation.




 which combines our proprietary BreatheWay&reg; food packaging technology with the capabilities of a large national food supplier and value-added produce processor which sells products under the Eat Smart&reg; brand to consumers and the GreenLine&reg; brand to foodservice operators
 as well as under private labels. In Apio&rsquo;s Packaged Fresh Vegetables operations
 produce is processed by trimming
 washing
 sorting
 blending
 and packaging into bags and trays that in most cases incorporate Landec&rsquo;s BreatheWay membrane technology. The BreatheWay membrane increases shelf-life and reduces shrink (waste) for retailers and helps to ensure that consumers receive fresh produce by the time the product makes its way through the distribution chain. Apio also generates revenue from the sale and/or use of its BreatheWay technology by partners such as Chiquita Brands International
 Inc. (&ldquo;Chiquita&rdquo;) for packaging and distribution of bananas and berries and Windset Holding 2010 Ltd.
 a Canadian corporation (&ldquo;Windset&rdquo;)
 for packaging of greenhouse-grown cucumbers and peppers.








 2018
 $408 million for the fiscal year ended May 28
 2017
 and $424 million for the fiscal year ended May 29
 2016.


 California
 Apio&rsquo;s primary business is fresh-cut and whole vegetable products typically packaged in our proprietary BreatheWay packaging. Apio&rsquo;s Packaged Fresh Vegetables business markets a variety of fresh-cut and whole vegetables and salad kit products to retail grocery chains
 club stores and food service operators. During the fiscal year ended May 27
 2018
 Apio shipped approximately 28 million cartons of produce to its customers throughout North America
 primarily in the United States.


 Apio has developed innovative blends and combinations of vegetables that are sold in flexible film bags or rigid trays. More recently
 Apio has launched a family of salad kits
 salad blends and single serve salads that are comprised of &ldquo;superfood&rdquo; mixtures of vegetables with healthy toppings and dressings. The first salad kit to launch under our Eat Smart brand was Sweet Kale Salad
 which now has wide distribution throughout club and retail stores in North America. Overall
 we are currently selling under our Eat Smart brand 12 salad kits
 5 salad blends and 9 single serve salads. The Company&rsquo;s expertise includes accessing leading culinary experts and nutritionists nationally to help in the new product development process. We believe that our new products are &ldquo;on trend&rdquo; and strong market acceptance supports this belief. Recent statistics show that more than two-thirds of adults are considered to be overweight or obese and more than one-third of adults are considered to be obese. More and more consumers are beginning to make better food choices in their schools
 homes and in restaurants and that is where our superfood products can fit into consumers&rsquo; daily healthy food choices.


 the Company has strong channels of distribution throughout North America with retail grocery store chains and club stores. Landec has one or more of its products in approximately 55% of all retail and club store sites in North America giving us a strong platform for introducing new products. The Company believes it will have growth opportunities for the next several years through new customers
 the introduction of innovative products and expansion of its existing customer relationships.









 Apio has structured its business as a marketer and seller of branded and private label blended
 fresh-cut and whole vegetable products. It is focused on selling products primarily under its Eat Smart brand
 with some sales under its GreenLine brand and private label brands. As retail grocery chains
 club stores and food service operators consolidate
 Apio is well positioned as a single source of a broad range of products.







 Apio has strategically invested in its Packaged Fresh Vegetables business. Apio&rsquo;s largest processing plant is in Guadalupe
 CA
 and is automated with state-of-the-art vegetable processing equipment in one of the lowest cost
 growing regions in California
 the Santa Maria Valley. With the acquisition of GreenLine in 2012
 Apio added three East Coast processing facilities and five East Coast distribution centers for nationwide delivery of all of its packaged vegetable products in order to meet the next-day delivery needs of customers.

 Apio is introducing new packaged vegetable products each year
technology to extend shelf-life. These new product offerings range from various sizes of fresh-cut bagged products
 to vegetable trays
 to whole produce
 to vegetable salads and to snack packs. During fiscal year 2018
 Apio introduced fifteen new unique products.






 the produce grown in Windset&rsquo;s greenhouses uses significantly less water than field grown crops. Windset owns and operates greenhouses in British Columbia
 Canada and California. In addition to growing produce in its own greenhouses
 Windset has numerous marketing arrangements with other greenhouse growers and utilizes buy/sell arrangements to meet fluctuation in demand from their customers.




 the Company specializes in fermentation and aseptic formulation
 filling
 and packaging services
 as a contract development and manufacturing organization (&ldquo;CDMO&rdquo;)
 for difficult to handle (viscous) medicines filled in finished dose vials and syringes.


 2018
 $59 million for the fiscal year ended May 28
 2017
 and $50 million for the fiscal year ended May 29
 2016.


 pharmaceutical-grade HA and uses its aseptic filling capabilities to deliver private-label HA and non-HA finished products to its customers. There is now a greater percentage of Americans age 65 and older than at any other time in U.S. history and currently over 50 million Americans are 65 years of age or older and this trend is expected to accelerate dramatically in the upcoming years. As our population ages
 eye surgeries
 such as cataract surgeries
 will increase
 and other patients will increasingly seek joint therapy as cartilage and soft tissue deteriorates. HA injections are a primary course of treatment for such conditions and Lifecore has built a leadership position in the markets it serves. The World Health Organization estimates that by 2020
 32 million cataract operations will be performed worldwide
 up from 12 million in 2000. Lifecore&rsquo;s expertise includes its ability to ferment
 separate
 purify
 and aseptically formulate and fill HA and other polymers for injectable product use. There are several markets Lifecore serves including ophthalmic
 orthopedic
 oncology
 general surgery
 ENT
 respiratory and general drug delivery. Lifecore sells its products through partners in the U.S.
 Europe
 Asia
 Australia
 Canada and South America. Lifecore has built its reputation as a premium supplier of HA and more recently as a specialty CDMO.








 as well as non-HA based
 aseptically formulated and filled products. These services include activities such as technology transfer
 material component changes
 analytical method development
 formulation development
 pilot studies
 stability studies
 process validation
 and production of materials for clinical studies.


 Lifecore has become a leader in the supply of HA-based products for multiple applications
 and has taken advantage of non-HA device and drug opportunities by leveraging its expertise in development
 manufacturing and aseptic syringe and vial filling capabilities. Elements of Lifecore&rsquo;s strategy include the following:

 Lifecore will continue to develop applications for products with partners who have strong marketing
 sales and distribution capabilities to end-user markets. Through its strong reputation and history of providing pharmaceutical grade HA products
 Lifecore has been able to establish long-term relationships with the market leading pharmaceutical and medical device companies
 and leverages those partnerships to attract new relationships in other medical markets.

. Due to the growing knowledge of the unique characteristics of HA
 and the role it plays in normal physiology
 Lifecore continues to identify and pursue opportunities for the use of HA in other medical applications
 such as wound care
 aesthetic surgery
 drug delivery
 next generation orthopedics and device coatings and through sales to academic and corporate research customers. Further applications may involve expanding process development activity and/or additional licensing of technology.

Lifecore has made strategic capital investments in its CDMO business focusing on extending its aseptic filling capacity and capabilities. It is investing in this segment to meet increasing partner demand and attract new contract filling opportunities outside of HA markets. Lifecore is using its manufacturing capabilities to provide contract manufacturing and development services to its partners in the area of sterile pre-filled syringes and vials
 as well as
 fermentation and purification requirements.

Lifecore&rsquo;s vertically integrated development and manufacturing capabilities allow it to establish a variety of contractual relationships with global corporate partners. Lifecore&rsquo;s role in these relationships extends from supplying HA raw materials to providing technology transfer and development services to manufacturing aseptically filled
 finished sterile products and assuming full supply chain responsibilities.



 on March 1
 2017. 
 founded in 1995
 is based in Petaluma
 California
 and is the premier producer of California specialty olive oils and wine vinegars. Its products are sold in over 4
000 natural food
 conventional grocery and mass retail stores
 had revenues of $3.8 million for the twelve months ended May 27
 2018 and $773
000 from the acquisition date through May 28
 2017.




 which are the key technology behind our BreatheWay membrane technology
 and (2) hyaluronan biopolymers. The Company&rsquo;s materials are generally proprietary as a result of being patented or due to being specially formulated for specific customers to meet specific commercial applications and/or specific regulatory requirements. The Company&rsquo;s polymer technologies
 customer relationships
 trade names and strong channels of distribution are the foundation and key differentiating advantages on which Landec has built its business.




 hydrophobic polymers that use a temperature switch to control and modulate properties such as viscosity
 permeability and adhesion when varying the materials&rsquo; temperature above and below the temperature switch. The sharp temperature switch is adjustable at relatively low temperatures (0&deg;C to 100&deg;C) and the changes resulting from the temperature switch are relatively easy to maintain in industrial and commercial environments. For instance
 Intelimer polymers can change within the range of one or two degrees Celsius from a non-adhesive state to a highly tacky
 adhesive state; from an impermeable state to a highly permeable state; or from a solid state to a viscous liquid state.








 the polymer&#39;s side chains align through weak hydrophobic interactions resulting in a crystalline structure. When this side chain crystallizable polymer is heated to
 or above
 this switch temperature
 these interactions are disrupted and the polymer is transformed into an amorphous
 viscous state. Because this transformation involves a physical and not a chemical change
 this process can be repeatedly reversible. Landec can set the polymer switch temperature anywhere between 0&deg;C to 100&deg;C by varying the average length of the side chains.


 including films
 coatings
 microcapsules and discrete forms. Intelimer polymers are the coatings on the substrate used to form our BreatheWay membranes.




 therefore
 are limited in their ability to be distributed broadly to markets. The Company&rsquo;s proprietary BreatheWay packaging technology utilizes Landec&rsquo;s Intelimer polymer technology to naturally extend the shelf-life and quality of fresh-cut and whole produce.


 vegetables and fruit continue to respire
 consuming oxygen and releasing carbon dioxide. Too much or too little oxygen can result in premature spoilage and decay. The respiration rate of produce varies for each fruit and vegetable. Conventional packaging films used today
 such as polyethylene and polypropylene
 can be made with modest permeability to oxygen and carbon dioxide
 but often do not provide the optimal atmosphere for the packaged produce. To achieve optimal product performance
 each fruit or vegetable requires its own unique package atmosphere conditions. The challenge facing the industry is to develop packaging that meets the highly variable needs that each product requires in order to achieve value-creating performance. The Company believes that its BreatheWay packaging technology possesses all of the critical functionalities required to serve this diverse market. In creating a product package
 a BreatheWay membrane is applied over a small cutout section or an aperture of a flexible film bag or plastic tray. This highly permeable &ldquo;window&rdquo; acts as the mechanism to provide the majority of the gas transmission requirements for the entire package. These membranes are designed to provide three principal benefits:

 Landec&#39;s BreatheWay packaging technology is designed to permit transmission of oxygen and carbon dioxide at 300 to 1
000 times the rate of conventional packaging films. The Company believes that these higher permeability levels will facilitate the packaging diversity required to market many types of fresh-cut and whole produce in many package sizes and configurations.

can be tailored with carbon dioxide to oxygen transfer ratios ranging from 1.0 to 12.0 to selectively transmit oxygen and carbon dioxide at optimum rates to sustain the quality and shelf-life of packaged produce. Other high permeability packaging materials
 such as micro-perforated films cannot differentially control carbon dioxide permeability
 resulting in sub-optimal package atmosphere conditions for many produce products.







 Landec has developed breathable membranes that can be designed to increase or decrease permeability in response to environmental temperature changes. The Company has developed packaging that responds to higher oxygen requirements at elevated temperatures
 but is also reversible
 and returns to its original state as temperatures decline. As the respiration rate of fresh produce also increases with temperature
 the BreatheWay membrane&rsquo;s temperature responsiveness allows packages to compensate for the change in produce respiration by automatically adjusting gas permeation rates. By doing so
 detrimental package atmosphere conditions are avoided and improved quality is maintained through the distribution chain.




 hydrophilic polymer that exists naturally as part of the extracellular matrix in many tissues within the human body
 most notably within the aqueous humor of the eye
 synovial fluid
 skin and umbilical cord. The viscoelastic properties and water solubility of HA make it ideal for medical applications where space maintenance
 lubricity
 drug delivery or tissue protection are critical. Because of its widespread presence in tissues
 its critical role in normal physiology
 and its high degree of biocompatibility
 the Company believes that hyaluronan will continue to be used in existing applications and for an increasing variety of other medical applications.


 either through bacterial fermentation or through extraction from rooster combs. Lifecore produces HA only from fermentation
 using an extremely efficient microbial fermentation process and a highly effective purification operation.


 it is used for maintaining the space in the anterior chamber and protecting corneal tissue during the removal and implantation of intraocular lenses. The first ophthalmic HA product
 produced by extraction from rooster comb tissue
 became commercially available in the United States in 1981. In 1985
 Lifecore introduced the bacterial fermentation process to manufacture premium HA and received patent protection until 2002. HA-based products
 produced either by rooster comb extraction or by fermentation processes such as Lifecore&rsquo;s
 have since gained widespread acceptance in ophthalmology and are currently used in the majority of cataract extraction procedures in the world. HA has also become a significant component in several products used in orthopedics. Lifecore&rsquo;s HA is used as a viscous carrier for allogeneic freeze-dried demineralized bone used in spinal surgery
 and as the active component of devices to treat the symptoms of osteoarthritis
 and as a component to provide increased lubricity to medical devices. Lifecore&rsquo;s HA has also been utilized in veterinary drug applications to treat traumatic arthritis.




 Landec&reg;
 Apio&trade;
 Eat Smart&reg;
 BreatheWay&reg;
 GreenLine&reg;
 Clearly Fresh&trade;
 Lifecore&reg;
 LUROCOAT
 Ortholure&trade; and O Olive &amp; Vinegar&reg; are some of the trademarks or registered trademarks and trade names of the Company in the United States and other countries. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also refers to the trademarks of other companies.




 located in central California and throughout the U.S. and Canada
 supporting the Packaged Fresh Vegetables business. During fiscal years 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 sales to the Company&rsquo;s top five customers accounted for approximately 49%
 48%
 and 50%
 respectively
 of its revenues. The Company&rsquo;s top two customers
 both from the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment
 were Costco Wholesale Corporation (&ldquo;Costco&rdquo;) which accounted for approximately 19%
 20%
 and 23%
 respectively
 and Wal-mart
 Inc. (&ldquo;Wal-mart&rdquo;) which accounted for approximately 18%
 16%
 and 14%
 respectively
 of the Company&rsquo;s revenues. A loss of either of these customers would have a material adverse effect on the Company&rsquo;s business.


 Lifecore does not sell to end users and
 therefore
 does not have the traditional infrastructure of a dedicated sales force and marketing employees. It is Lifecore&rsquo;s name recognition and referrals that allow Lifecore it to attract new customers and offer its services with a minimal marketing and sales infrastructure.










 such as the high cost of sourcing product due to a shortage of essential produce items
 which had a significant impact on the Company&rsquo;s results during fiscal years 2018
 2017 and 2016. The Biomaterials business is not significantly affected by seasonality.





products is comprised of polymer manufacturing
 membrane manufacturing and label package conversion. A third-party toll manufacturer currently makes virtually all of the polymers for the BreatheWay packaging system. Select outside contractors currently manufacture the breathable membranes
 and Apio performs the label package conversion in its various processing facilities.


 California
 Bowling Green
 Ohio and Hanover
 Pennsylvania. Cooling of produce is done through third parties and its own in-house cooling via its various cooling systems.


 packaged green bean products in four processing plants located in Guadalupe
 California; Bowling Green
 Ohio; Hanover
 Pennsylvania; and Vero Beach
 Florida.




 separation and purification and aseptic processing capabilities. Products are supplied in a variety of bulk and single dose configurations.


 greater efficiency and flexibility
 a more favorable long-term regulatory environment
 and better economies of scale in producing large commercial quantities. Today&rsquo;s HA competitors are primarily utilizing a fermentation process.


 Minnesota are used primarily for the HA manufacturing process
 formulation
 aseptic syringe and vial filling
 analytical services
 secondary packaging
 warehousing raw materials and finished goods
 and distribution. The Company believes that its current manufacturing capacity plan will be sufficient to allow it to meet the needs of its current customers for the foreseeable future.


 solutions and gels
 and in a variety of bulk and single-use finished packages. Lifecore continues to conduct development work designed to improve production efficiencies and expand its capabilities to achieve a wider range of HA product specifications in order to address the broadening opportunities for using HA in medical and pharmaceutical applications.


 as applicable. In addition
 Lifecore&rsquo;s customers conduct intensive quality audits of the facility and its operations. Lifecore also periodically contracts with independent regulatory consultants to conduct audits of its operations.&nbsp; Similar to other manufacturers subject to regulatory and customer specific requirements
 Lifecore&rsquo;s facility was designed to meet applicable regulatory requirements and has been cleared for the manufacturing of both device and pharmaceutical products. The Company maintains a Quality System which complies with applicable standards and regulations: FDA Medical Device Quality System requirements (21 CFR 820); FDA Drug Good Manufacturing Practices (21 CFR 210-211); European Union Good Manufacturing Practices (EudraLex Volume 4); Medical Device Quality Management System (ISO 13485); European Medical Device Directive; Canadian Medical Device Regulations; International Guide for Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (ICH Q7)
 and Australian Therapeutic Goods Regulations.&nbsp;&nbsp;Compliance with these international standards of quality greatly assists in the marketing of Lifecore&rsquo;s products globally.









 uses third parties to crush
 process and bottle its olive oil products. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018
 




 no assurance can be given that interruptions in supplies will not occur in the future
 that the Company will be able to obtain substitute vendors
 or that the Company will be able to procure comparable materials at similar prices and terms within a reasonable time. Any such interruption of supply could have a material adverse effect on the Company&rsquo;s ability to manufacture and distribute its products and
 consequently
 could materially and adversely affect the Company&rsquo;s business
 operating results and financial condition.




 2018
 May 28
 2017
 and May 29
 2016 were $12.8 million
 $9.5 million
 and $7.2 million
 respectively. The Company anticipates that it will continue to incur significant research and development expenditures in order to maintain its competitive position with a continuing flow of innovative
 high-quality products and services. As of May 27
 2018
 Landec had 61 employees engaged in research and development with experience in polymer and analytical chemistry
 product application
 product formulation
 and mechanical and chemical engineering.




 maintain trade secret protection and operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of third parties. The Company has had 50 U.S. patents issued of which 26 remain active as of May 27
 2018 with expiration dates ranging from 2018 to 2031. There can be no assurance that any of the pending patent applications will be approved
 that the Company will develop additional proprietary products that are patentable
 that any patents issued to the Company will provide the Company with competitive advantages
 will not be challenged by any third parties or that the patents of others will not prevent the commercialization of products incorporating the Company&#39;s technology. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that others will not independently develop similar products
 duplicate any of the Company&#39;s products or design around the Company&#39;s patents. Any of the foregoing results could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#39;s business
 operating results and financial condition.


 in part
 on its ability to avoid infringing patents issued to others. If the Company were determined to be infringing any third-party patent
 the Company could be required to pay damages
 alter its products or processes
 obtain licenses or cease certain activities. In addition
 if patents are issued to others which contain claims that compete or conflict with those of the Company and such competing or conflicting claims are ultimately determined to be valid
 the Company may be required to pay damages
 to obtain licenses to these patents
 to develop or obtain alternative technology or to cease using such technology. If the Company is required to obtain any licenses
 there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to do so on commercially favorable terms
 if at all. The Company&#39;s failure to obtain a license to any technology that it may require to commercialize its products could have a material adverse impact on its business
 operating results and financial condition.




 Drug
 and Cosmetic Act (&ldquo;FDC Act&rdquo;) the FDA regulates and/or approves the clinical trials
 manufacturing
 labeling
 distribution
 import
 export sale and promotion of medical devices and drug products in or from the United States. Some of the Company&rsquo;s and its customers&rsquo; products are subject to extensive and rigorous regulation by the FDA
 which regulates some of the products as medical devices or drug products
 that in some cases require FDA Approval or clearance
 prior to U.S. distribution of Pre-Market Approval (&ldquo;PMAs&rdquo;)
 or New Drug Applications (&ldquo;NDA&rdquo;)
 or Pre-Market Notifications (&ldquo;510(k)&rdquo;s)
 or other submissions and by foreign countries
 which regulate some of the products as medical devices or drug products.








 manufacture
 processing
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution
 recordkeeping and reporting of a medical device or drug products and on the quality control procedures. For example
 medical device and drug manufacturing facilities are subject to periodic inspections by the FDA to assure compliance with device QSR and/or drug GMP requirements
 as applicable. The FDA also conducts pre-approval inspections for PMA and NDA product introduction. Lifecore&rsquo;s facility is subject to inspections as both a device and a drug manufacturing operation. For PMA devices and NDA drug products
 the company that owns the product submission is required to submit an annual report and also to obtain approval
 as applicable
 for modifications to the device
 drug product or its labeling. Other applicable FDA requirements include but are not limited to reporting requirements such as the medical device reporting (&ldquo;MDR&rdquo;) regulation
 which requires certain companies to provide information to the FDA regarding deaths or serious injuries alleged to have been associated with the use of its devices
 as well as product malfunctions that would likely cause or contribute to death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur.


 state
 and local agencies. Food products are regulated by the FDA under the FDC Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The FDA has the authority to inspect the Company&rsquo;s food facilities
 and regulates
 among other things
 food manufacturing (pursuant to food-related cGMPs)
 food packing and holding
 food safety
 the growing and harvesting of produce intended for human consumption
 food labeling
 and food packaging. The FDA is currently implementing the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act and has published a number of final rules related to
 among other things
 hazard analysis and preventive controls
 produce safety
 foreign supplier verification programs
 sanitary transportation of food
 and food defense. The compliance dates for these rules vary and started as early as September
 2016. The FDA also requires companies to report to the FDA via the Reportable Food Registry when there is a reasonable probability that the use of
 or exposure to
 an article of food will cause serious adverse health consequences or death to humans or animals. In addition
 the Federal Trade Commission (&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;) and other state authorities regulate how the Company may promote and advertise its food products.




 2018
 Landec had 710 full-time employees
 of whom 568 were dedicated to research
 development
 manufacturing
 quality control and regulatory affairs
 and 142 were dedicated to sales
 marketing and administrative activities. Landec intends to recruit additional personnel in connection with the development
 manufacturing and marketing of its products. None of Landec&#39;s employees are represented by a union
 and Landec considers its relationship with its employees to be good.




 quarterly and current reports
 and any amendments to those reports
 as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such reports with the SEC. Information contained on our website is not part of this Report.




 Landec wishes to alert readers that the following important factors could in the future affect
 and in the past have affected
 Landec&rsquo;s actual results and could cause Landec&rsquo;s results for future periods to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by
 or on behalf
 of Landec. Landec assumes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements.




 crop quality and yields
 and crop varieties to be planted. Crop diseases and severe conditions
 particularly weather conditions such as unexpected or excessive rain or other precipitation
 unseasonable temperature fluctuations
 floods
 droughts
 frosts
 windstorms
 earthquakes and hurricanes
 may adversely affect the supply of vegetables and fruits used in our business
 which could reduce the sales volumes and/or increase the unit production costs. The Company experienced significant product sourcing issues in fiscal years 2018
 2017 and 2016 as a result of severe adverse weather conditions that materially adversely affected the Company&rsquo;s financial results. Because a significant portion of the costs are fixed and contracted in advance of each operating year
 volume declines reflecting production interruptions or other factors could result in increases in unit production costs which could result in substantial losses and weaken our financial condition.










 our results of operations have fluctuated significantly from quarter to quarter and are expected to continue to fluctuate in the future. Apio can be affected by seasonal and weather-related factors which have impacted our financial results in the past due to shortages of essential value-added produce items. In addition
 the fair market value change in our Windset investment can fluctuate substantially quarter to quarter. Lifecore can be affected by the timing of orders from its relatively small customer base and the timing of the shipment of those orders. Our earnings may also fluctuate based on our ability to collect accounts receivable from customers and notes receivable from growers and on price fluctuations in the fresh vegetable and fruit markets. Other factors that affect our operations include:




















 and



 we expect to continue to experience fluctuations in quarterly operating results.




 and rate at which
 we achieve market acceptance
 including customer preferences and trends
 and penetration of our current and future products is a function of many variables including
 but not limited to:














 and









 and HA-based products and non-HA products and new oil and vinegar products. We expect that our future growth will depend in large part on our and our partners&rsquo;/customers&rsquo; ability to develop and market new products in our target markets and in new markets. In particular
 we expect that our ability to compete effectively with existing food products companies will depend substantially on developing
 commercializing
 achieving market acceptance of and reducing the cost of producing our products. In addition
 commercial applications of some of our temperature switch polymer technology are relatively new and evolving. Our failure to develop new products or the failure of our new products to achieve market acceptance would have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.




 and may be in the future
 to claims by employees based on allegations of discrimination
 negligence
 harassment and inadvertent employment of undocumented workers or unlicensed personnel
 and we may be subject to payment of workers&#39; compensation claims and other similar claims. We could incur substantial costs and our management could spend a significant amount of time responding to such complaints or litigation regarding employee claims
 which may have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition. In addition
 several recent decisions by the United States NLRB have found companies
 such as Apio
 which use contract employees could be found to be &ldquo;joint employers&rdquo; with the staffing firm. During fiscal year 2017
 the Company settled a lawsuit in which it and Apio&rsquo;s labor contractor were named in several civil actions and administrative actions involving claims filed by current and past employees of Apio&rsquo;s labor contractor.




 easier to use or less expensive than those which have been or are being developed by us or that would render our technology and products obsolete and non-competitive. We operate in highly competitive and rapidly evolving fields
 and new developments are expected to continue at a rapid pace. Competition from large food products
 industrial
 medical and pharmaceutical companies is expected to be intense. In addition
 the nature of our collaborative arrangements may result in our corporate partners and licensees becoming our competitors. Many of these competitors have substantially greater financial and technical resources and production and marketing capabilities than we do
 and may have substantially greater experience in conducting clinical and field trials
 obtaining regulatory approvals and manufacturing and marketing commercial products.




 but if our machinery or facilities are damaged or impaired due to natural disasters or mechanical failure
 we may not be able to operate at a sufficient capacity to meet our production needs. This could have a material adverse effect on our business
 which could impact our results of operations and our financial condition.




 CA
 Bowling Green
 OH or Hanover
 PA or Lifecore&rsquo;s facilities in Chaska
 MN would reduce our ability to sell our products and would have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Additionally
 we may need to consider seeking collaborative arrangements with other companies to manufacture our products. If we become dependent upon third parties for the manufacture of our products
 our profit margins and our ability to develop and deliver those products on a timely basis may be adversely affected. In that event
 additional regulatory inspections or approvals may be required
 and additional quality control measures would need to be implemented. Failures by third parties may impair our ability to deliver products on a timely basis and impair our competitive position. We may not be able to continue to successfully operate our manufacturing operations at acceptable costs
 with acceptable yields
 and retain adequately trained personnel.

We Are Dependent on Our Key Employees and if One or More of Them Were to Leave
 We Could Experience Difficulties in Replacing Them
 or Effectively Transitioning Their Replacements and Our Operating Results Could Suffer


 technical
 sales
 and marketing personnel. The loss of any of our key personnel for an extended period may cause hardship for our business. In addition
 competition for senior level personnel with knowledge and experience in our different lines of business is intense. If any of our key personnel were to leave
 we would need to devote substantial resources and management attention to replace them. As a result
 management attention may be diverted from managing our business
 and we may need to pay higher compensation to replace these employees.









The successful integration of new business acquisitions may require substantial effort from the Company&#39;s management. The diversion of the attention of management and any difficulties encountered in the transition process could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#39;s ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions. The successful combination of new businesses also requires coordination of research and development activities
 manufacturing
 sales and marketing efforts. In addition
 the process of combining organizations located in different geographic regions could cause the interruption of
 or a loss of momentum in
 the Company&#39;s activities. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to retain key management
 technical
 sales and customer support personnel
 or that the Company will realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisitions
 and the failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on the Company&#39;s business
 results of operations and financial condition.




 we may not be able to procure comparable materials at similar prices and terms within a reasonable time
 if at all. Several services that are provided to Apio are obtained from a single provider. Several of the raw materials we use to manufacture our products are currently purchased from a single source
 including some monomers used to synthesize Intelimer polymers
 substrate materials for our breathable membrane products and raw materials for our HA products. Any interruption of our relationship with single-source suppliers or service providers could delay product shipments and materially harm our business.




 manufacturing controls
 ongoing quality monitoring and analysis
 and periodic inspection by regulatory authorities. We may not be able to obtain necessary regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all. Delays in receipt of or failure to receive approvals or loss of previously received approvals would have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. A significant portion of Apio&rsquo;s manufacturing workforce is provided by third-party labor contractors. The Company relies upon these contractors to validate the worker&rsquo;s immigration status and their eligibility to work in the Company&rsquo;s facilities
 and failure of these contractors&rsquo; control processes or our internal control processes could result in Apio not complying with applicable regulations. Although we have no reason to believe that we will not be able to comply with all applicable regulations regarding the manufacture and sale of our products and polymer materials
 regulations are always subject to change and depend heavily on administrative interpretations and the country in which the products are sold. Future changes in regulations or interpretations relating to matters such as safe working conditions
 laboratory and manufacturing practices
 environmental controls
 and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances may adversely affect our business.


 FTC
 and other governmental entities. Applicable laws and regulations are subject to change from time to time and could impact how we manage the production and sale of our food products. We are subject
 for example
 to FDA compliance and regulations concerning the safety of the food products handled and sold by Apio
 and the facilities in which they are packed and processed. Failure to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements can
 among other things
 result in:


 injunctions
 civil penalties
 and suspensions




 including cessation of manufacturing and sales


 and









 state
 and local laws and regulations is costly and time-consuming. We may be required to incur significant costs to comply with the laws and regulations in the future which may have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition.


 any substance that when used as intended may reasonably be expected to become
 directly or indirectly
 a component or otherwise affect the characteristics of any food may be regulated as a food additive unless the substance is generally recognized as safe. Food packaging materials are generally not considered food additives by the FDA if the products are not expected to become components of food under their expected conditions of use. We consider our breathable membrane product to be a food packaging material not subject to approval by the FDA. We have not received any communication from the FDA concerning our breathable membrane product. If the FDA were to determine that our breathable membrane products are food additives
 we may be required to submit a food contact substance notification or food additive petition for approval by the FDA. The food additive petition process
 in particular
 is lengthy
 expensive and uncertain. A determination by the FDA that a food contact substance notification or food additive petition is necessary would have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition.


 result in civil penalties
 suspension or revocation of a license to sell produce
 and in the most egregious cases
 criminal prosecution
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition
 the FTC and other state authorities regulate how we promote and advertise our food products
 and we could be the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal
 state
 and local laws and regulations.


 drug products
 or combination products
 and therefore
 require clearance or approval by the FDA before commercial sales can be made in the United States. The products also require the approval of foreign government agencies before sales may be made in many other countries. The process of obtaining these clearances or approvals varies according to the nature and use of the product. It can involve lengthy and detailed safety and efficacy data
 including clinical studies
 as well as extensive site inspections and lengthy regulatory agency reviews. There can be no assurance that any of the Company&rsquo;s clinical studies will be authorized to proceed
 or if authorized will show safety or effectiveness; that any of the Company&rsquo;s products that require FDA clearance or approval will obtain such clearance or approval on a timely basis
 on terms acceptable to the Company for the purpose of actually marketing the products
 or at all; or that following any such clearance or approval previously unknown problems will not result in restrictions on the marketing of the products or withdrawal of clearance or approval.


 most of the existing products being sold by Lifecore and its customers are subject to continued regulation by the FDA
 various state agencies and foreign regulatory agencies
 which regulate the design
 manufacturing
 labeling
 distribution
 post-marketing product modifications
 advertising
 promotion
 import
 export and record keeping procedures for such products. Aseptic processing and shared equipment manufacturing require specific quality controls. If we fail to achieve and maintain these controls
 we may have to recall product
 or may have to reduce or suspend production while we address any deficiencies. Marketing clearances or approvals by regulatory agencies can be withdrawn due to failure to comply with regulatory standards or the occurrence of unforeseen problems following initial clearance or approval. These agencies can also limit or prevent the manufacture or distribution of Lifecore&rsquo;s products. A determination that Lifecore is in violation of such regulations could lead to the issuance of adverse inspectional observations
 a Warning Letter
 imposition of civil penalties
 including fines
 product recalls or product seizures
 preclusion of product export
 a hold or delay in pending product approvals
 injunctions against product manufacture and distribution
 and
 in extreme cases
 criminal sanctions.


 state and local regulations impose various environmental controls on the use
 storage
 discharge or disposal of toxic
 volatile or otherwise hazardous chemicals and gases used in some of our manufacturing processes. Our failure to control the use of
 or to restrict adequately the discharge of
 hazardous substances under present or future regulations could subject us to substantial liability or could cause our manufacturing operations to be suspended and changes in environmental regulations may impose the need for additional capital equipment or other requirements.










 clinical and field testing
 manufacture
 commercialization and marketing for some of our current and future products includes entering into various collaborations with corporate partners
 licensees and others. We are dependent on our corporate partners to develop
 test
 manufacture and/or market some of our products. Although we believe that our partners in these collaborations have an economic motivation to succeed in performing their contractual responsibilities
 the amount and timing of resources to be devoted to these activities are not within our control. Our partners may not perform their obligations as expected or we may not derive any additional revenue from the arrangements. Our partners may not pay any additional option or license fees to us or may not develop
 market or pay any royalty fees related to products under such agreements. Moreover
 some of the collaborative agreements provide that they may be terminated at the discretion of the corporate partner
 and some of the collaborative agreements provide for termination under other circumstances. Our partners may pursue existing or alternative technologies in preference to our technology. Furthermore
 we may not be able to negotiate additional collaborative arrangements in the future on acceptable terms
 if at all
 and our collaborative arrangements may not be successful.

Our Reputation and Business May Be Harmed if Our Computer Network Security or Any of the Databases Containing Our Trade Secrets
 Proprietary Information or the Personal Information of Our Employees Are Compromised 


 cause a disruption in the Company&rsquo;s operations or harm our reputation. We maintain numerous information assets
 including intellectual property
 trade secrets
 banking information and other sensitive information critical to the operation and success of our business on computer networks
 and such information may be compromised in the event that the security of such networks is breached. We also maintain confidential information regarding our employees and job applicants
 including personal identification information. The protection of employee and company data in the information technology systems we utilize (including those maintained by third-party providers) is critical. Despite the efforts by us to secure computer networks utilized for our business
 security could be compromised
 confidential information
 such as Company information assets and personally identifiable employee information
 could be misappropriated or system disruptions could occur.


 we may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyberattacks. Attacks may be targeted at us
 our customers or others who have entrusted us with information. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs
 including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies
 train employees and engage third-party experts and consultants. Advances in computer capabilities
 new technological discoveries or other developments may result in the technology used by us to protect sensitive Company data being breached or compromised. Furthermore
 actual or anticipated cyberattacks or data breaches may cause significant disruptions to our network operations
 which may impact our ability to deliver shipments or respond to customer needs in a timely or efficient manner.


 including an intentional or inadvertent breach by our employees or by persons with whom we have commercial relationships that result in the unauthorized release of confidential information related to our business or personal information of our employees. Any compromise or breach of our computer network security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws
 costly investigations and litigation and potential regulatory or other actions by governmental agencies. As a result of any of the foregoing
 we could experience adverse publicity
 the compromise of valuable information assets
 loss of sales
 the cost of remedial measures and/or significant expenditures to reimburse third parties for resulting damages
 any of which could adversely impact our brand
 our business and our results of operations.




 including some of our competitors
 claiming infringement by our products of their patent and other proprietary rights. Regardless of their merit
 responding to any such claim could be time-consuming
 result in costly litigation and require us to enter royalty and licensing agreements which may not be offered or available on terms acceptable to us. If a successful claim is made against us and we fail to develop or license a substitute technology
 we could be required to alter our products or processes and our business
 results of operations or financial position could be materially adversely affected. Our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain patents
 maintain trade secret protection and operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of third parties. Any pending patent applications we file may not be approved and we may not be able to develop additional proprietary products that are patentable. Any patents issued to us may not provide us with competitive advantages or may be challenged by third parties. Patents held by others may prevent the commercialization of products incorporating our technology. Furthermore
 others may independently develop similar products
 duplicate our products or design around our patents.







The Global Economy is Experiencing Continued Volatility
 Which May Have an Adverse Effect on Our Business 


 the U.S. and international economy and financial markets have experienced significant volatility due to uncertainties related to the availability of credit
 energy prices
 difficulties in the banking and financial services sectors
 diminished market liquidity
 and geopolitical conflicts. Ongoing volatility in the economy and financial markets could further lead to reduced demand for our products
 which in turn
 would reduce our revenues and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. In particular
 volatility in the global markets have resulted in softer demand and more conservative purchasing decisions by customers
 including a tendency toward lower-priced products
 which could negatively impact our revenues
 gross margins and results of operations. In addition to a reduction in sales
 our profitability may decrease because we may not be able to reduce costs at the same rate as our sales decline. We cannot predict the ultimate severity or length of the current period of volatility
 or the timing or severity of future economic or industry downturns.


 our customers
 suppliers and partners may have difficulties obtaining capital at adequate or historical levels to finance their ongoing business and operations
 which could impair their ability to make timely payments to us. This may result in lower sales and/or inventory that may not be saleable or bad debt expense for Landec. A worsening of the economic environment or continued or increased volatility of the U.S. economy
 including increased volatility in the credit markets
 could adversely impact our customers&rsquo; and vendors&rsquo; ability or willingness to conduct business with us on the same terms or at the same levels as they have historically. Further
 this economic volatility and uncertainty about future economic conditions makes it challenging for Landec to forecast its operating results
 make business decisions
 and identify the risks that may affect its business
 sources and uses of cash
 financial condition and results of operations.




 approximately 20% of our consolidated net revenues were derived from product sales to international customers. A number of risks are inherent in international transactions. International sales and operations may be limited or disrupted by any of the following:
















 or



 and any inability on our part to obtain foreign regulatory approvals on a timely basis could have a material adverse effect on our international business
 and our financial condition and results of operations. While our foreign sales are currently priced in dollars
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates may reduce the demand for our products by increasing the price of our products in the currency of the countries in which the products are sold. Regulatory
 geopolitical and other factors may adversely impact our operations in the future or require us to modify our current business practices.




 sales to our top five customers accounted for approximately 49% of our revenues
 with our two largest customers from our Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment
 Costco and Wal-mart accounting for approximately 19% and 18%
 respectively
 of our revenues. We expect that
 for the foreseeable future
 a limited number of customers may continue to account for a substantial portion of our revenues. We may experience changes in the composition of our customer base as we have experienced in the past. The reduction
 delay or cancellation of orders from one or more major customers for any reason or the loss of one or more of our major customers could materially and adversely affect our business
 operating results and financial condition. In addition
 since some of the products processed by Apio and Lifecore are sole sourced to customers
 our operating results could be adversely affected if one or more of our major customers were to develop other sources of supply. Our current customers may not continue to place orders
 orders by existing customers may be canceled or may not continue at the levels of previous periods or we may not be able to obtain orders from new customers.










 manufacturing
 marketing
 and sale of the products we develop involve an inherent risk of allegations of product liability. If any of our products are determined or alleged to be contaminated or defective or to have caused a harmful accident to an end-customer
 we could incur substantial costs in responding to complaints or litigation regarding our products and our product brand image could be materially damaged. Such events may have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition. Although we have taken and intend to continue to take what we consider to be appropriate precautions to minimize exposure to product liability claims
 we may not be able to avoid significant liability. We currently maintain product liability insurance. While we think the coverage and limits are consistent with industry standards
 our coverage may not be adequate or may not continue to be available at an acceptable cost
 if at all. A product liability claim
 product recall or other claim with respect to uninsured liabilities or in excess of insured liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition.

Our Stock Price May Fluctuate in Response to Various Conditions
 Many of Which Are Beyond Our Control


 many of which are beyond our control
 including the following:














 our competitors or other parties


 interpretation
 or enforcement applicable to our business




 and



 particularly if unforeseen
 cause us to miss projections which might result in analysts or investors changing their valuation of our stock.

Lapses in Disclosure Controls and Procedures or Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Could Materially and Adversely Affect the Company&rsquo;s Operations
 Profitability or Reputation 


 lapses or deficiencies in disclosure controls and procedures or in our internal control over financial reporting may occur from time to time. There can be no assurance that our disclosure controls and procedures will be effective in preventing a material weakness or significant deficiency in internal control over financial reporting from occurring in the future. Any such lapses or deficiencies may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations or financial condition
 restrict our ability to access the capital markets
 require us to expend resources to correct the lapses or deficiencies
 which could include the restating of previously reported financial results
 expose us to regulatory or legal proceedings
 harm our reputation
 or otherwise cause a decline in investor confidence.&nbsp;










 and the holders of such preferred stock could have voting
 dividend
 liquidation and other rights superior to those of holders of our Common Stock.


















 2018
 the Company owned or leased properties in Santa Clara
 Petaluma
 Santa Maria
 Ontario and Guadalupe
 California; Chaska
 Minnesota; Bowling Green and McClure
 Ohio; Hanover
 Pennsylvania; Vero Beach
 Florida; Rock Hill
 South Carolina and Rock Tavern
 New York as described below.




			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			
			


			


			


			


			





 CA


			


			


			


			


			



000 square feet of office space
 manufacturing and cold storage


			


			


			

			
			

			


			





 OH


			


			


			


			


			



900 square feet of office space
 manufacturing and cold storage


			


			


			

			
			

			


			





 PA


			


			


			


			


			



000 square feet of office space
 manufacturing and cold storage


			


			


			

			
			

			


			





 SC


			


			


			


			


			



400 square feet of cold storage and office space


			


			


			

			
			

			

			




 FL


			


			


			


			


			



200 square feet of office space
 manufacturing and cold storage


			


			


			

			
			

			


			





 NY


			


			


			


			


			



700 square feet of cold storage and office space


			


			


			

			
			

			


			





 OH


			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			

			
			

			


			





 CA


			


			


			


			


			



000 square feet of parking space


			


			


			

			
			

			


			





 CA


			


			


			


			


			



300 square feet of office space


			


			


			

			
			

			


			





 CA

			

			

			

			

			


300 square feet of office and laboratory space

			
			

			

			
			

			

			




 CA

			

			

			

			

			


300 square feet of office and manufacturing space

			
			

			

			
			

			

			




 MN


			


			


			


			


			



300 square feet of office
 laboratory and manufacturing space


			


			


			

			
			

			

			




 MN


			


			


			


			


			



000 square feet of office
 manufacturing and warehouse space


			


			


			

			
			

			

			




 CA


			


			


			


			


			



657 square feet of office space


			


			


			

			
			

			

			




 CA

			

			

			

			

			


100 square feet of office
 manufacturing and warehouse space

			
			

			

			
			

			

			






 the Company is involved in various legal proceedings and claims.


 estimate settlements
 legal rulings
 advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. Legal fees are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.


 California processing plant. The campaign involved a union and over 100 former and current employees of Pacific Harvest
 Inc. and Rancho Harvest
 Inc. (collectively &quot;Pacific Harvest&quot;)
 Apio&#39;s labor contractors at its Guadalupe
 California processing facility
 bringing legal actions before various state and federal agencies
 the California Superior Court
 and initiating over 100 individual arbitrations against Apio and Pacific Harvest.


 (2) discrimination/wrongful termination claims before state and federal agencies and in individual arbitrations
 and (3) wage and hour claims as part of two Private Attorney General Act (&ldquo;PAGA&rdquo;) cases in state court and in over 100 individual arbitrations.








 Apio
 and Pacific Harvest that were pending before the NLRB was approved on December 27
 2016 for $310
000. Apio was responsible for half of this settlement
 or $155
000. On May 5
 2017
 the parties to the remaining actions executed a settlement agreement concerning the discrimination/wrongful termination claims and the wage and hour claims which covers all non-exempt employees of Pacific Harvest working at Apio&#39;s Guadalupe
 California processing facility from September 2011 through the settlement date. Under the settlement agreement
 the plaintiffs are to be paid $6.0 million in three installments: $2.4 million
 which was paid on July 3
 2017
 $1.8 million which was paid on November 22
 2017 and $1.8 million which was paid in July 2018. The Company and Pacific Harvest have each agreed to pay one half of the settlement payments. The Company paid the entire first two installments of $4.2 million and will be reimbursed by Pacific Harvest for its $2.1 million portion
 of which $600
000 and $1.5 million is included in Prepaid and other current assets and Other assets
 respectively
 in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. This receivable will be repaid through monthly payments until fully paid
 which the Company anticipates will occur by December 2020. The Company and Pacific Harvest each made their half of the third installment in July 2018. The Company&rsquo;s recourse against non-payment by Pacific Harvest is its security interest in assets owned by Pacific Harvest.


 2018 and May 28
 2017
 the Company incurred legal expenses of $639
000 and $2.1 million
 respectively
 related to these actions. During the twelve months ended May 28
 2017
 the Company recorded a legal settlement charge of $2.6 million related to these actions. As of May 27
 2018
 the Company had accrued $1.0 million related to these actions
 which is included in Other accrued liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.













Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities








Fiscal Year Ended May 27
 2018

			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



 Quarter ended May 27
 2018

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



 Quarter ended February 25
 2018

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



 Quarter ended November 26
 2017

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



 Quarter ended August 27
 2017

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






Fiscal Year Ended May 28
 2017

			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



 Quarter ended May 28
 2017

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



 Quarter ended February 26
 2017

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



 Quarter ended November 27
 2016

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



 Quarter ended August 28
 2016

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






735
798 shares of outstanding Common Stock as of July 27
 2018. Since certain holders are listed under their brokerage firm&rsquo;s names
 the actual number of stockholders is higher.




 if any
 for its business and does not anticipate paying cash dividends on its Common Stock in the foreseeable future.




 2010.













			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			


 2015

			
			


 2014

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 except per share amounts)

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 general and administrative

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			



			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			



			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net of tax

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			











			
			
			
			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			


 2015

			
			


 2014

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




		

			



 the Company made the decision to discontinue its Food Export business. As a result
 the Company met the requirements of Accounting Standards Codifications (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 205-20
(&ldquo;ASC 205-20&rdquo;)
 to report the results of the Food Export segment as a discontinued operation and to classify the Food Export Segment as a group of assets held for abandonment. The operating results for the Food Export business have therefore been reclassified as a discontinued operation.







 the matters discussed in this report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Potential risks and uncertainties include
 without limitation
 those mentioned in this report and
 in particular
 the factors described in Item 1A. &quot;Risk Factors.&rdquo; Landec undertakes no obligation to revise any forward-looking statements in order to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this report.




 the Company aggregated its operating units into three reportable segments: Packaged Fresh Vegetables
 Food Export and Biomaterials. However
 during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018
 the Company made the decision to discontinue its Food Export segment. The discontinuation met the requirements of ASC 205-20
 and ASC 360

 Plant and Equipment
 to report the results of the Food Export segment as a discontinued operation. The Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment combines the Company&rsquo;s BreatheWay packaging technology with Apio&rsquo;s branded Eat Smart and GreenLine and private label fresh-cut and whole produce business. The Biomaterials business sells products utilizing HA in the ophthalmic
 orthopedic and oncology segments and also supplies HA to customers pursuing other medical applications
 such as aesthetic surgery
 medical device coatings
 tissue engineering and pharmaceuticals. In addition
 Lifecore provides specialized aseptic fill and finish services in a cGMP validated manufacturing facility for supplying commercial
 clinical and pre-clinical products. The results of the recently acquired 


 2018
 the Company&rsquo;s retained earnings were $109.3 million. The Company may incur losses in the future. The amount of future net profits
 if any
 is uncertain and there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to sustain profitability in future years.






 sales returns and allowances; self-insurance liabilities; recognition and measurement of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities; the assessment of recoverability of long-lived assets including intangible assets and inventory; the valuation of investments; the valuation and recognition of stock-based compensation; and the valuation and recognition of contingent liabilities.








 and are subject to change from period to period. The actual results may differ from management&rsquo;s estimates.




 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for a discussion of the types of revenue earned at each segment. See Note 11 &ndash; Business Segment Reporting
 for a discussion about the Company&rsquo;s three business segments; namely
 Packaged Fresh Vegetables and Biomaterials
 and its Other segment.




 and trademarks
 trade names and goodwill with indefinite lives (collectively
 &ldquo;intangible assets&rdquo;)
 in March 2017 (ii) upon the acquisition of GreenLine by Apio in April 2012
 (iii) upon the acquisition of Lifecore in April 2010
 and (iv) upon the acquisition of Apio in December 1999. Accounting guidance defines goodwill as &ldquo;the excess of the cost of an acquired entity over the net of the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at date of acquisition.&rdquo; All intangible assets
 including goodwill
 associated with the acquisition of Lifecore was allocated to our Biomaterials reporting unit
 the acquisitions of Apio and GreenLine were allocated to our Packaged Fresh Vegetables reporting unit
 was allocated to our Other reporting unit
 pursuant to accounting guidance based upon the allocation of assets and liabilities acquired and consideration paid for each reporting unit. As of May 27
 2018
 the Biomaterials reporting unit had $13.9 million of goodwill
 the Packaged Fresh Vegetables reporting unit had $35.4 million of goodwill
 and the Other reporting unit had $5.2 million of goodwill. &nbsp;


 in accordance with accounting guidance. See Note 1 &ndash; Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for a discussion of the analysis performed by the Company on indefinite-lived assets.




 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for a discussion of how the Company accounts for income taxes.




 which determines the Company&rsquo;s calculation of compensation expense
 is based on the Black-Scholes pricing model. See Note 1 &ndash; Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for a discussion of how the Company accounts for stock-based compensation.




 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for a discussion of how the Company accounts for its investment in a non-public company and for its interest rate swap.












 2017
 Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (&ldquo;SAB 118&rdquo;) was issued to address the application of GAAP in situations when a registrant does not have the necessary information available
 prepared
 or analyzed in reasonable detail to complete its accounting for certain income tax effects of the TCJA. Pursuant to SAB 118
 as of May 27
 2018
 the Company had not yet completed its accounting for the tax effects of the enactment of the TCJA. The Company&rsquo;s provision for income taxes for the year ended May 27
 2018 is based in part on its best estimate of the effects of the transition tax and existing deferred tax balances with its understanding of the TCJA and guidance available as of the date of this filing. The Company is still analyzing certain aspects of the TCJA and refining the estimate of the expected reversal of our deferred tax balance. This can potentially affect the measurement of these balances or potentially give rise to new deferred tax amounts. The Company adopted the provision of SAB 118 in the third quarter of 2018.






 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued ASU 2014-09

 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 (&ldquo;ASU 2014-09&rdquo;). The guidance replaces industry-specific guidance and establishes a single five-step model to identify and recognize revenue. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue upon transfer of control of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Additionally
 the guidance requires the entity to disclose further quantitative and qualitative information regarding the nature and amount of revenues arising from contracts with customers
 as well as other information about the significant judgments and estimates used in recognizing revenues from contracts with customers. Since its original issuance
 the FASB has issued several additional related ASUs to address implementation concerns and to further clarify certain guidance within ASU 2014-09. The Company will adopt these updates beginning with the first quarter of fiscal year 2019 and anticipates doing so using the modified retrospective method
 which would require the Company to restate each prior reporting period presented consistent with the standard.


 the Company has identified the following core revenue streams from its contracts with customers:






 processes
 and systems requirements
 as well assigning internal resources and third-party consultants to assist in the process. Based upon the Company&rsquo;s assessment
 certain contract manufacturing arrangements within its Biomaterials segment contain termination provisions that
 upon final assessment and adoption
 may impact the timing of revenue recognition. Additionally
 the Company has reviewed historical contracts and other arrangements to identify potential differences that could arise from the adoption of ASU 2014-09. Beyond its core revenue streams
 and the items listed above
 the Company has also evaluated the impact of ASU 2014-09 on certain ancillary transactions and other arrangements.


 the Company does not currently anticipate any material changes to its processes
 financial condition
 or results of operations upon adoption of ASU 2014-09. The Company continues to assess the impact of ASU 2014-09
 along with industry trends and additional interpretive guidance
 on its core revenue streams
 and as a result of the continued assessment
 the Company may modify its plan to adoption accordingly.&nbsp;




 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
(&ldquo;ASU 2016-02&rdquo;)
 which requires companies to generally recognize on the balance sheet operating and financing lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use-assets. ASU 2016-02 also requires improved disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the amount
 timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The Company will adopt ASU 2016-02 beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020 on a modified retrospective basis.





			

			


			





			

			


			





			

			


			





			

			


			





 the Company currently anticipates that the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have a significant impact on its long-term assets and liabilities
 as
 at a minimum
 virtually all of its leases designated as operating leases in Note 9 &ndash; Commitments and Contingencies
 are expected to be reported on the consolidated balance sheets. The pattern of recognition for operating leases within the consolidated statements of comprehensive income is not anticipated to significantly change. This change will have no impact on the Company&rsquo;s ability to meet its loan covenants as the impact from the adoption of ASU 2016-02 was taken into consideration when determining its loan covenants.










 the FASB issued ASU 2018-02
that permits a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in December 2017. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements.




 the FASB issued ASU 2017-12
&nbsp;(ASU 2017-12)
 which amends the presentation and disclosure requirements and changes how companies assess effectiveness. The amendments are intended to more closely align hedge accounting with companies&rsquo; risk management strategies
 simplify the application of hedge accounting
 and increase transparency as to the scope and results of hedging programs. ASU 2017-12 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those periods. Early application is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the future impact of this update on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.




 the FASB issued ASU&nbsp;2016-13
(ASU&nbsp;2016-13)
 which requires the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets including trade receivables held at the reporting date based on historical experience
 current conditions
 and reasonable and supportable forecasts. ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2019. The adoption of ASU 2016-13 is not expected to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.



Fiscal Year Ended May 27
 2018 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended May 28
 2017





			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			







 Packaged Fresh Vegetables revenues include the revenues generated from the sale of BreatheWay packaging to license partners.


 2018 compared to the same period last year was primarily due to a 9% increase in unit volume sales with a majority of the increase in revenues coming from increased sales of our salad products which are higher priced products compared to the Company&rsquo;s lower priced core products whose sales increased 4% in fiscal year 2018 compared to last year.




 which represented approximately 60% of Lifecore&rsquo;s revenues in fiscal year 2018
 (2) Orthopedic
 which represented approximately 10% of Lifecore&rsquo;s revenues in fiscal year 2018 and (3) Oncology/other products which represented approximately 30% of Lifecore&rsquo;s revenues in fiscal year 2018.


 partially offset by a $3.5 million decrease in fermentation sales to existing customers.





 business that was acquired on March 1
 2017 compared to $2.4 million in revenues in fiscal year 2017 primarily from two license agreements that were completed during fiscal year 2017.











			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			







 customer mix
 manufacturing costs
 volume
 sales discounts and charges for excess or obsolete inventory
 to name a few. Many of these factors influence or are interrelated with other factors. The Company includes in cost of sales all of the costs related to the sale of products in accordance with GAAP. These costs include the following: raw materials (including produce
 seeds
 packaging
 syringes and fermentation and purification supplies)
 direct labor
 overhead (including indirect labor
 depreciation
 and facility-related costs) and shipping and shipping-related costs. The following are the primary reasons for the changes in gross profit for the fiscal year ended May 27
 2018 compared to the same period last year as outlined in the table above.










 Lifecore&rsquo;s gross margin decreased to 43.7% in fiscal year 2018 from 45.0% last year.




 (which was acquired on March 1
 2017) being less than the gross profit from two license agreements which were completed during fiscal year 2017.




			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			



			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



Selling
 General and Administrative:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			













 such as new salad lines and extensions
 and the Company&rsquo;s proprietary BreatheWay membranes used for packaging produce
 with a focus on extending the shelf-life of sensitive vegetables and fruit. In the Lifecore business
 the R&amp;D efforts are focused on new products and applications for HA-based and non-HA biomaterials. For Other
 the R&amp;D efforts are primarily focused on supporting the development and commercialization of new products and new technologies in the Company&rsquo;s new natural food business.


 services
 and technologies to the marketplace. The Company continues to develop new products and to expand the range of its product offerings through R&amp;D.


 or a significant improvement to an existing product or process
 which consist of expenses incurred in performing R&amp;D activities
 including compensation and benefits for R&amp;D employees
 facilities expenses
 overhead expenses
 cost of laboratory and innovation supplies
 third-party formulation expenses
 fees paid to contract research organizations and other consultants
 stock-based compensation for R&amp;D employees
 and other outside expenses.


 coupled with a significant increase in product development expenses at Apio.

Selling
 General and Administrative (SG&amp;A)


 business development expenses and staff and administrative expenses.


 (2) legal fees incurred during fiscal year 2017 from labor-related lawsuits settled during fiscal year 2017 and (3) severance costs incurred in fiscal year 2017. The decrease at Apio was partially offset by an increase in SG&amp;A expenses in Other resulting from (1) an increase in stock-based compensation from equity grants
 (2) new business development activities and (3) a $1.1 million increase in SG&amp;A expenses for 





			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			




			
 net

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			

			







 2018 compared to the same period last year.











Interest Expense
 net














 income taxes for fiscal year 2018 reflected a significant benefit (See Note 8 &ndash; Income Taxes
 for more detail) as compared to fiscal year 2017 which reflected a tax expense based on pre-tax income.




 LP. The Company purchased the non-controlling interest in Apio Cooling
 LP during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018 and dissolved Apio Cooling LP.



Fiscal Year Ended May 28
 2017 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended May 29
 2016





			
			

			

			


			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			







 Packaged Fresh Vegetables revenues include the revenues generated from Apio Cooling
 LP
 a vegetable cooling operation
 in which Apio is the general partner with a 60% ownership position and from the sale of BreatheWay packaging to license partners.


 2017 compared to the fiscal year ended May 29
 2016 was primarily due to a 3% decrease in unit volume sales primarily resulting from the loss of some low margin core packaged vegetable business in retail grocery stores which began in the second half of fiscal year 2016 and from the loss of some club store business for salad kit products as a result of one key customer deciding to move to a multi-supplier sourcing strategy following industry-wide produce shortages in late fiscal 2016.










 which represented approximately 65% of Lifecore&rsquo;s revenues in fiscal year 2017
 (2) Orthopedic
 which represented approximately 15% of Lifecore&rsquo;s revenues in fiscal year 2017 and (3) Other/Non-HA products which represented approximately 20% of Lifecore&rsquo;s revenues in fiscal year 2017.


 partially offset by a $3.6 million decrease in development revenues primarily due to the approval of a customer&rsquo;s drug product that is now being commercially sold.






 2017 compared to the same period last year was due to the completion of two licensing agreements in fiscal year 2017 which started at the beginning of fiscal year 2016 partially offset by $773
 since its acquisition on March 1
 2017.




			
			

			

			


			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			







 customer mix
 manufacturing costs
 volume
 sales discounts and charges for excess or obsolete inventory
 to name a few. Many of these factors influence or are interrelated with other factors. The Company includes in cost of sales all of the costs related to the sale of products in accordance with GAAP. These costs include the following: raw materials (including produce
 seeds
 packaging
 syringes and fermentation and purification supplies)
 direct labor
 overhead (including indirect labor
 depreciation
 and facility-related costs) and shipping and shipping-related costs. The following are the primary reasons for the changes in gross profit for the fiscal year ended May 28
 2017 compared to the same period last year as outlined in the table above.




 operational productivity improvement initiatives
 and from the fact that during fiscal year 2016
 Apio incurred approximately $15.6 million of excess costs from produce shortages. These factors resulted in gross margin increasing to 12.5% in fiscal year 2017 compared to 9.6% last fiscal year.
















 2017 compared to the fiscal year ended May 29
 2016 was due to the completion of two license agreements in fiscal year 2017 which started at the beginning of fiscal year 2016 partially offset by $177
&nbsp;since its acquisition on March 1
 2017.




			
			

			

			


			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			



			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			
Selling
 General and Administrative:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			







 with a focus on extending the shelf-life of sensitive vegetables and fruit. In the Lifecore business
 the R&amp;D efforts are focused on new products and applications for HA-based and non-HA biomaterials. For Other
 the R&amp;D efforts are primarily focused on supporting the development and commercialization of new products and new technologies in our Apio and Lifecore businesses and during fiscal years 2017 and 2016 on R&amp;D collaborations with partners.


 2017 compared to the fiscal year ended May 29
 2016 was due to a significant increase in product development activities at both Apio and Lifecore which resulted in the hiring of eight R&amp;D personnel during fiscal year 2017. The increase was also due to supporting development partners for the Company&rsquo;s BreatheWay membrane technology and from the hiring of two new Vice Presidents to develop our new natural foods business and lead the 

Selling
 General and Administrative (S
 G


 business development expenses and staff and administrative expenses.


 advertising
 and promotions of Apio&rsquo;s existing and new salad kit products
&nbsp;additional headcount hired over the past year
 and from an increase in Other primarily due to an increase in stock-based compensation from equity grants
 from new business development activities and from $400
&nbsp;since its acquisition on March 1
 2017.










			
			

			

			


			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			




			
 net

			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			

			







 2017 compared to the same period last year.





Interest Expense
 net


















 LP.






 2018
 the Company had cash and cash equivalents of $2.9 million
 a net decrease of $3.1 million from $6.0 million at May 28
 2017.




 (2) a $2.9 million increase the fair market value of the Company&rsquo;s investment in Windset
 (3) a $1.9 million decrease in the Company&rsquo;s contingent liability from the 
















 (2) $4.1 million to purchase the non-controlling interest in Apio Cooling
 LP during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018 and (3) $1.5 million of taxes paid by the Company on behalf of employees on swaps for option exercises and RSU awards.




 Landec incurred expenditures for facility expansions and purchased equipment to support the growth of the Apio Packaged Fresh Vegetables and Lifecore businesses. These expenditures represented the majority of the $33.6 million of capital expenditures.




 2016
 the Company entered into a Credit Agreement with JPMorgan
 BMO
 and City National Bank
 as lenders (collectively
 the &ldquo;Lenders&rdquo;)
 and JPMorgan as administrative agent
 pursuant to which the Lenders provided the Company with a $100 million revolving line of credit (the &ldquo;Revolver&rdquo;) and a $50 million term loan facility (the &ldquo;Term Loan&rdquo;)
 guaranteed by each of the Company&rsquo;s direct and indirect subsidiaries and secured by substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 with the exception of the Company&rsquo;s investment in Windset.


 2021)
 with the Term Loan providing for quarterly principal payments of $1.25 million commencing December 1
 2016
 with the remainder due at maturity.


 at the Company&rsquo;s discretion
 plus a spread based on the Company&rsquo;s leverage ratio (generally defined as the ratio of the Company&rsquo;s total indebtedness on such date to the Company&rsquo;s consolidated earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation
 and amortization (&ldquo;EBITDA&rdquo;) for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ended on or most recently prior to such date). The spread is at a per annum rate of (i) between 0.25% and 1.25% if the prime rate is elected or (ii) between 1.25% and 2.25% if the Eurodollar rate is elected.










 2018.


 2016
 the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement (&ldquo;Swap&rdquo;) with BMO at a notional amount of $50 million. The Swap has the effect of changing the Company&rsquo;s Term Loan obligation from a variable interest rate to a fixed 30-day LIBOR rate of 1.22%. As of May 27
 2018
 the interest rate on the Term Loan was 3.22%. For further discussion regarding the Company&rsquo;s use of derivative instruments
 see the Financial Instruments section of Note 1 &ndash; Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.


 the Company incurred lender and third-party debt issuance costs of $897
000
 of which $598
000 and $299
000 were allocated to the Revolver and Term Loan
 respectively. The Company recorded its revolving debt issuance costs as an asset
 and as such
 $120
000 and $478
000 were recorded as prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets
 respectively. The Company records its Term Loan debt issuance costs as a contra-liability
 and as such
 $60
000 and $239
000 were recorded as current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt
 respectively.


 all of the proceeds of the Term Loan
 and $1.5 million of the Revolver
 were used by the Company to repay all then existing debt. Accordingly
 during fiscal year 2017 the Company recognized a loss on debt refinancing of $1.2 million
 which included $233
000 of payments for early debt extinguishment penalties and $1.0 million from the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs on the Company&rsquo;s then existing debt as of September 23
 2016.


 2018
 $27.0 million was outstanding on the Revolver. As of May 27
 2018
 the interest rate on the Revolver was 3.91% for the $23.0 million under the Libor option
 and 5.75% for the $4.0 million under the Alternative Base Rate (Prime) option.




 2018
 are as follows (in thousands):



			
			

			

			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			






 or commitments to
 any special purpose entities that would constitute material off-balance sheet financing other than the operating lease commitments.


 including the progress of its research and development programs; the continued development of marketing
 sales and distribution capabilities; the ability of the Company to establish and maintain new licensing arrangements; the costs associated with employment-related claims; any decision to pursue additional acquisition opportunities; weather conditions that can affect the supply and price of produce
 the timing and amount
 if any
 of payments received under licensing and research and development agreements; the costs involved in preparing
 filing
 prosecuting
 defending and enforcing intellectual property rights; the ability to comply with regulatory requirements; the emergence of competitive technology and market forces; the effectiveness of product commercialization activities and arrangements; and other factors. If the Company&rsquo;s currently available funds
 together with the internally generated cash flow from operations are not sufficient to satisfy its capital needs
 the Company would be required to seek additional funding through other arrangements with collaborative partners
 additional bank borrowings and public or private sales of its securities. There can be no assurance that additional funds
 if required
 will be available to the Company on favorable terms
 if at all.


 along with existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to finance its operational and capital requirements for at least the next twelve months.


















 2018
 our management evaluated
 with participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that because of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting as described below
 our disclosure controls and procedures
 in their entirety
 were not effective.








 as amended
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and are effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in such reports is accumulated and communicated to the Company&rsquo;s management
 including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


 we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures to ensure our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;). Accordingly
 our management
 including our Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers
 have concluded that the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K present fairly
 in all material respects
 our financial position
 results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with GAAP.




 as amended). Accordingly
 and due to its inherent limitation
 internal control over financial reporting cannot be expected to prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs.


 2018. In making this assessment
 our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Our management has concluded that
 as of May 27
 2018
 due to the material weakness described below
 our internal control over financial reporting
 in its entirety
 was not effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP.


 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company&rsquo;s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.


 the Company identified errors in its current and previously filed statements of cash flows related to improperly including accrued capital expenditures in its cash outflows used in investing activities. The errors arose as a result of a deficiency in the operation of the Company&rsquo;s cash flow reconciliation control. Specifically
 the Company had developed an accounting policy for the treatment of accrued capital expenditures that resulted in a deviation from GAAP and failed to execute its control to monitor the significance of such deviations. As a result
 while the impact of the errors was immaterial to previously filed annual financial statements
 the Company concluded that the errors were material to its quarterly Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for fiscal years 2018 and 2017 and has restated those cash flows as reflected in the footnotes to the fiscal year 2018 financial statements.


 Ernst &amp; Young LLP
 has issued an audit report on our internal control over financial reporting
 which appears on page 35.




 along with the Board of Directors
 is fully committed to maintaining a robust internal control environment. The Company has taken and will continue to take significant and comprehensive actions to remediate the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting. Management has taken the initial steps to implement the following changes:




			

			
			






			

			

 the control will involve the review of the detail and performance of additional procedures to ensure the detail is complete and accurate. As a result
 the preparation of the consolidated statements of cash flow will (1) exclude the amount of accrued capital expenditures for each period presented
 and (2) include disclosure of noncash investing activity in the statements of cash flows by disclosing total accrued capital expenditures at each period end.





 when fully implemented
 will remediate the material weakness described above. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and management will continue to monitor the implementation of these remedial measures and the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures on an ongoing basis.


 we may determine to take additional steps to address these deficiencies or determine to modify certain of the remediation measures described above.




 2018 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal controls over financial reporting.














 2018
 based on criteria established in Internal Control&mdash;Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion
 because of the effect of the material weakness described below on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria
 Landec Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of May 27
 2018
 based on the COSO criteria.


 or combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company&rsquo;s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in management&rsquo;s assessment. The Company did not maintain effective controls over the monitoring of the material compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles relating to its accounting policy governing the classification of accrued capital additions in its statements of cash flows.


 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of May 27
 2018 and May 28
 2017
 and the related consolidated statements income (loss)
 comprehensive income (loss)
 stockholders&rsquo; equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended May 27
 2018
 and the&nbsp;related notes. This material weakness was considered in determining the nature
 timing and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2018 consolidated financial statements
 and this report does not affect our report dated August 9
 2018
 which expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.








 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
 and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.




 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.





 California

 2018





















			


Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance



			
			


			




			
			


			
			


			
			


			


 2018 (120 days after the Registrant&rsquo;s fiscal year end covered by this Report) and is incorporated herein by reference.



			
			


			
			

		
			
			

		
			


 2018 (120 days after the Registrant&rsquo;s fiscal year end covered by this Report) and is incorporated herein by reference.


		
			
			

		
			
			

		
			
			

		
			


 2018 (120 days after the Registrant&rsquo;s fiscal year end covered by this Report) and is incorporated herein by reference.


		
			
			

		
			
			

		
			
			

		
			


 2018 (120 days after the Registrant&rsquo;s fiscal year end covered by this Report) and is incorporated herein by reference.















			


			







			


			


			

			



			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			




			


			


Consolidated Balance Sheets at May 27
 2018 and May 28
 2017


			




			


			


Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) for the Years Ended May 27
 2018
 May 28
 2017
 and May 29
 2016


			



			
			

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended May 27
 2018
 May 28
 2017
 and May 29
 2016


			




			


			


Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the Years Ended May 27
 2018
 May 28
 2017
 and May 29
 2016


			




			


			


Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended May 27
 2018
 May 28
 2017
 and May 29
 2016


			




			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			

















 2018 and May 28
 2017
 and the related consolidated statements income (loss)
 comprehensive income (loss)
 stockholders&rsquo; equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended May 27
 2018
 and the&nbsp;related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In&nbsp;our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company at May 27
 2018 and May 28
 2017
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended May 27
 2018
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.


 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the Company&#39;s internal control over financial reporting as of May 27
 2018
 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated August 9
 2018 expressed an adverse opinion thereon.






 whether due to error or fraud. Our&nbsp;audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.






 California

 2018
















			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 less allowance for doubtful accounts

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 discontinued operations

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 fair value

			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 discontinued operations

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			




 discontinued operations

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			




 less current portion

			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 $0.001 par value; 50
000
000 shares authorized; 27
702 and 27
499 shares issued and outstanding at May 27
 2018 and May 28
 2017
 respectively

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
















n thousands
 except per share amounts)




			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 general and administrative

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net of tax

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			















(In thousands
 except per share amounts)




			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 net of tax:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 $254
 and $0)

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net of tax

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
















(In thousands
 except per share amounts)




			
			

			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			

			
			

			
			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2015

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 net of taxes paid by Landec on behalf of employees

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			




 2016

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net of taxes paid by Landec on behalf of employees

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			




 net of tax

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2017

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 net of taxes paid by Landec on behalf of employees

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 net of tax

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2018

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			





















			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			



			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			



			





 fair value

			
			


			
			
			
			

			

			
			



			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net

			
			


			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			



			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			



			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			



			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			



			



			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			



			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			



			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			



			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 net of refunds received

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			

















Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies




 develop
 manufacture
 and sell differentiated health and wellness products for food and biomaterials markets
 and license technology applications to partners. The Company has two proprietary polymer technology platforms: 1) Intelimer&reg; polymers
 and 2) hyaluronan (&ldquo;HA&rdquo;) biopolymers. The Company sells specialty packaged branded Eat Smart&reg; and GreenLine&reg; and private label fresh-cut vegetables and whole produce to retailers
 club stores
 and foodservice operators
 primarily in the United States
 Canada
 and Asia through its Apio
 Inc. (&ldquo;Apio&rdquo;) subsidiary
 and sells HA-based and non-HA biomaterials through its Lifecore Biomedical
 Inc. (&ldquo;Lifecore&rdquo;) subsidiary. The Company&rsquo;s HA biopolymers and non-HA materials are proprietary in that they are specially formulated for specific customers to meet strict regulatory requirements. The Company also sells specialty olive oils and wine vinegars in the natural food
 conventional grocery and mass retail stores primarily in the United States and Canada through its O Olive and Vinegar&reg; brand. The Company&rsquo;s technologies
 along with its customer relationships and trade names
 are the foundation
 and a key differentiating advantage upon which Landec has built its business.




 Apio and Lifecore. All material inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated.


 the Company discontinued the Food Export business segment. As a result
 the Food Export business segment was reclassified as a discontinued operation under the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification (&quot;ASC&quot;) 205-20
 (&quot;ASC 205-20&quot;) and ASC 360

 Plant and Equipment
 Discontinued Operations
 for further information.


 the Company purchased the remaining 40% non-controlling interest of its subsidiary
 Apio Cooling
 LP (&ldquo;Apio Cooling&rdquo;) and dissolved Apio Cooling. The increase in the Company&rsquo;s ownership interest in Apio Cooling was accounted for as an equity transaction in accordance with ASC Topic 810-10-45-23.


 liabilities and operations of a VIE if it is determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE.


 if by design: a) the total equity investment at risk is not sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support provided by any parties
 including equity holders or b) as a group the holders of the equity investment at risk lack any one of the following three characteristics: (i)&nbsp;the power
 through voting rights or similar rights to direct the activities of an entity that most significantly impact the entity&rsquo;s economic performance
 (ii)&nbsp;the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity
 or (iii)&nbsp;the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity. The Company reviewed the consolidation guidance and concluded that the partnership interest and equity investment in the&nbsp;non-public company by the Company are not VIEs.


















 marketable securities
 trade accounts receivable
 grower advances and notes receivable are financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk. Our Company policy limits
 among other things
 the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer and to any one type of investment
 other than securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government. The Company routinely assesses the financial strength of customers and growers and
 as a consequence
 believes that trade receivables
 grower advances and notes receivable credit risk exposure is limited. Credit losses for bad debt are provided for in the consolidated financial statements through a charge to operations. A valuation allowance is provided for known and anticipated credit losses. The recorded amounts for these financial instruments approximate their fair value.


 including some monomers used to synthesize Intelimer polymers
 substrate materials for its breathable membrane products and raw materials for its HA products.


 in which the Company holds a 26.9% minority investment
 are predominantly located in British Columbia
 Canada and Santa Maria
 California. Routinely
 the Company evaluates the financial strength and ability for Windset to continue as a going concern.


 2018
 sales to the Company&rsquo;s top five customers accounted for approximately 49% of total revenue with the top two customers from the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment
 Costco Corporation (&ldquo;Costco&rdquo;) and Wal-mart
 Inc. (&ldquo;Wal-mart&rdquo;) accounting for approximately 19% and 18%
 respectively
 of total revenues. In addition
 approximately 20% of the Company&rsquo;s total revenues were derived from product sales to international customers
 none of which individually accounted for more than 5% of total revenues. As of May 27
 2018
 the top two customers
 Costco and Wal-mart represented approximately 13% and 18%
 respectively
 of total accounts receivable.


 2017
 sales to the Company&rsquo;s top five customers accounted for approximately 48% of total revenue with the top two customers from the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment
 Costco Corporation (&ldquo;Costco&rdquo;) and Wal-mart
 Inc. (&ldquo;Wal-mart&rdquo;) accounting for approximately 20% and 16%
 respectively
 of total revenues. In addition
 approximately 21% of the Company&rsquo;s total revenues were derived from product sales to international customers
 none of which individually accounted for more than 5% of total revenues. As of May 28
 2017
 the top two customers
 Costco and Wal-mart represented approximately 13% and 18%
 respectively
 of total accounts receivable.




 the assets&rsquo; carrying value is adjusted to fair value. The Company regularly evaluates its long-lived assets for indicators of possible impairment.




 grower advances
 notes receivable
 debt instruments and derivative instruments. For short-term instruments
 the historical carrying amount approximates the fair value of the instrument. The fair value of long-term debt and lines of credit approximates their carrying value.












 the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (&ldquo;AOCI&rdquo;) in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument
 if any
 is recognized in earnings in the current period. To receive hedge accounting treatment
 cash flow hedges must be highly effective in offsetting changes to expected future cash flows on hedged transactions.


 net income and Other Comprehensive Income (&ldquo;OCI&rdquo;). OCI refers to revenue
 expenses
 and gains and losses that under GAAP are recorded as a component of stockholders&rsquo; equity but are excluded from net income. The Company&rsquo;s OCI consists of net deferred gains and losses on its interest rate swap derivative instrument accounted for as a cash flow hedge. The components of AOCI
 net of tax
 are as follows (in thousands):




			
			

			
			

			




 2017

			
			
			
			




 net of tax effect

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			




 net

			
			
			
			




 2018

			
			


			







 management believes the fair market values of the Company&rsquo;s financial instruments are not significantly different from their recorded amounts as of May 27
 2018 and May 28
 2017.




 on a periodic basis
 the Company evaluates its accounts receivable and establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts and estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. The allowance for doubtful accounts is determined based on review of the overall condition of accounts receivable balances and review of significant past due accounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on specific identification of past due amounts and for accounts over 90-days past due. The changes in the Company&rsquo;s allowance for sales returns and doubtful accounts are summarized in the following table (in thousands):




			
			

			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			

			
			



			
			

			
			

			
			

			




 2016

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			




 2017

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			




 2018

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			







 title has transferred
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Allowances are established for estimated uncollectible amounts
 product returns
 and discounts based on specific identification and historical losses.


 and therefore
 records revenues and cost of sales at gross amounts in the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss).








 LP
 a vegetable cooling operation in which Apio was the general partner with a 60% ownership position. On April 26
 2018
 the Company purchased the 40% non-controlling interest of the limited partners
 thus dissolving Apio Cooling
 LP. See the non-controlling interest discussion further in this note for more details. Additionally
 Packaged Fresh Vegetables revenues consist of revenues from the sale of BreatheWay&reg; packaging to license partners. Revenue is recognized on the vegetable cooling operations as cooling and storage services are provided to Apio&rsquo;s customers. Sales of BreatheWay packaging are recognized when shipped to Apio&rsquo;s customers.


 Cal-Ex Trading Company (&ldquo;Cal-Ex&rdquo;). As most Cal-Ex customers are in countries outside of the U.S.
 title transfers and revenue is generally recognized upon arrival of the shipment in the foreign port. Apio records revenue equal to the sale price to third parties because it takes title to the product while in transit. The Company discontinued its Food Export business segment. As a result
 the Company met the requirements of ASC 205-20 and ASC 360 to report the results of the Food Export business segment as discontinued operations. The operating results for the Food Export business segment
 in all periods presented
 have been reclassified to discontinued operations and are no longer reported as a separate segment.


 which represented approximately 60% of Lifecore&rsquo;s revenues in fiscal year 2018
 (2) Orthopedic
 which represented approximately 10% of Lifecore&rsquo;s revenues in fiscal year 2018
 and (3) Other/Non-HA products
 which represented approximately 30% of Lifecore&rsquo;s revenues in fiscal year 2018. The vast majority of Lifecore&rsquo;s revenues are recognized upon shipment.


 a portion of which are included in all three medical areas
 are related to contract research and development (&ldquo;R&amp;D&rdquo;) services and multiple element arrangement services with customers where the Company provides products and/or services in a bundled arrangement.


 based on the performance requirements of the contract. Non-refundable contract fees for which no further performance obligations exist
 and there is no continuing involvement by the Company
 are recognized on the earlier of when the payment is received or collection is assured.


 the Company splits the arrangement into separate units of accounting if the individually delivered elements have value to the customer on a standalone basis. The Company also evaluates whether multiple transactions with the same customer or related party should be considered part of a multiple element arrangement
 whereby the Company assesses
 among other factors
 whether the contracts or agreements are negotiated or executed within a short time frame of each other or if there are indicators that the contracts are negotiated in contemplation of each other. The Company then allocates revenue to each element based on a selling price hierarchy. The relative selling price for a deliverable is based on its vendor-specific objective evidence (&ldquo;VSOE&rdquo;)
 if available
 third-party evidence (&ldquo;TPE&rdquo;)
 if VSOE is not available
 or estimated selling price
 if neither VSOE nor TPE is available. The Company then recognizes revenue on each deliverable in accordance with its policies for product and service revenue recognition. The Company is not typically able to determine VSOE or TPE
 and therefore
 uses the estimated selling price to allocate revenue between the elements of an arrangement.


 and for an arrangement that includes a general right of return relative to the delivered products or services
 delivery or performance of the undelivered product or service is considered probable and is substantially controlled by the Company. The Company considers a deliverable to have stand-alone value if the product or service is sold separately by the Company or another vendor or could be resold by the customer. Further
 the revenue arrangements generally do not include a general right of return relative to delivered products. Where the aforementioned criteria for a separate unit of accounting are not met
 the deliverable is combined with the undelivered element(s) and treated as a single unit of accounting for the purposes of allocation of the arrangement consideration and revenue recognition. The Company allocates the total arrangement consideration to each separable element of an arrangement based upon the relative selling price of each element. Allocation of the consideration is determined at arrangement inception on the basis of each unit&rsquo;s relative selling price. In instances where the Company has not established fair value for any undelivered element
 revenue for all elements is deferred until delivery of the final element is completed and all recognition criteria are met.


 the initial license fees are deferred and amortized to revenue over the period of the agreement when a contract exists
 the fee is fixed and determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Noncancellable
 nonrefundable license fees are recognized over the period of the agreement
 including those governing research and development activities and any related supply agreement entered into concurrently with the license when the risk associated with commercialization of a product is non-substantive at the outset of the arrangement.








 the Company offers customers sales incentives
 which include volume rebates and discounts. These amounts are estimated on a quarterly basis and recorded as a reduction of revenue.






			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 R&amp;D contracts and royalties/profit sharing

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			

















 cash equivalents
 and cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets that sum to the total of the same such amounts shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows (in thousands):




			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			
			


&nbsp;2016

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 discontinued operations

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			







 first-out method) or net realizable value. As of May 27
 2018 and May 28
 2017 inventories consisted of (in thousands):




			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			





 provisions are recorded currently to reduce them to net realizable value. The Company also records a provision for slow moving and obsolete inventories based on the estimate of demand for its products.




 2017
 and 2016 was $1.4 million
 $1.9 million and $2.1 million
 respectively.










 evidenced by contracts and notes receivable. These notes and advances receivable are secured by perfected liens on crops
 have terms that range from three to nine months
 and are reviewed at least quarterly for collectability. A reserve is established for any note or advance deemed to not be fully collectible based upon an estimate of the crop value or the fair value of the security for the note or advance. Notes or advances outstanding at May 27
 2018 and May 28
 2017 were $2.7 million and $1.0 million
 respectively and are recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.




 2017
 and 2016
 the Company recognized revenues of $556
000
 $514
000
 and $666
000
 respectively. These amounts have been included in product sales in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss)
 from the sale of products to and license fees from Windset. The related receivable balances of $334
000 and $388
000 from Windset are included in accounts receivable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May 27
 2018 and May 28
 2017
 respectively.


 unrelated to the revenue transactions above
 the Company purchases produce from Windset for sale to third parties. During fiscal years 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 the Company recognized cost of product sales of $0
 $22
000
 and $32
000
 respectively
 in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss)
 from the sale of products purchased from Windset. The related accounts payable of $0 and $22
000 to Windset are included in accounts payable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May 27
 2018 and May 28
 2017
 respectively.






 generally three to forty years for buildings and leasehold improvements and three to twenty years for furniture and fixtures
 computers
 capitalized software
 capitalized leases
 machinery
 equipment and vehicles. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the economic life of the improvement or the life of the lease.


 2017
 and 2016
 the Company capitalized $918
000
 $2.2 million
 and $174
000 in software development costs
 respectively.




 plant and equipment
 and intangible assets. Intangible assets are comprised of customer relationships with an estimated useful life of &nbsp;eleven to thirteen years (the &ldquo;finite-lived intangible assets&rdquo;) and trademarks/trade names and goodwill with indefinite lives (collectively
 &ldquo;the indefinite-lived intangible assets&rdquo;)
 in March 2017
 (ii) upon the acquisition of GreenLine Holding Company (&ldquo;GreenLine&rdquo;) by Apio in April 2012
 (iii) upon the acquisition of Lifecore in April 2010 and (iv) upon the acquisition of Apio in December 1999. Accounting guidance defines goodwill as &ldquo;the excess of the cost of an acquired entity over the net of the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at date of acquisition.&rdquo; All intangible assets
 including goodwill
 was allocated to the Other reporting unit
 the acquisition of Lifecore was allocated to the Biomaterials reporting unit
upon the allocation of assets and liabilities acquired and consideration paid for each reporting unit. As of May 27
 2018
 the Other reporting unit had $5.2 million of goodwill
 the Biomaterials reporting unit had $13.9 million of goodwill
 and the Packaged Fresh Vegetables reporting unit had $35.4 million of goodwill.








 plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate that the carrying amount of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. The Company&rsquo;s impairment review requires significant management judgment including estimating the future success of product lines
 future sales volumes
 revenue and expense growth rates
 alternative uses for the assets and estimated proceeds from the disposal of the assets. The Company conducts quarterly reviews of idle and underutilized equipment
 and reviews business plans for possible impairment indicators. Impairment is indicated when the carrying amount of the asset (or asset group) exceeds its estimated future undiscounted cash flows and the impairment is viewed as other than temporary. When impairment is indicated
 an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between the asset&rsquo;s book value and its estimated fair value. Depending on the asset
 estimated fair value may be determined either by use of a discounted cash flow model or by reference to estimated selling values of assets in similar condition. The use of different assumptions would increase or decrease the estimated fair value of assets and would increase or decrease any impairment measurement.


 in accordance with accounting guidance. For all indefinite-lived assets
 including goodwill
 the Company performs a qualitative analysis in accordance with ASC 350-30-35. Application of the impairment tests for indefinite-lived intangible assets requires significant judgment by management
 including identification of reporting units
 assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units
 assignment of intangible assets to reporting units
 which judgments are inherently uncertain.


 there were no impairments of intangible assets.


 the Company considers the need to update its most recent annual tests for possible impairment of its indefinite-lived intangible assets
 based on management&rsquo;s assessment of changes in its business and other economic factors since the most recent annual evaluation. Such changes
 if significant or material
 could indicate a need to update the most recent annual tests for impairment of the indefinite-lived intangible assets during the current period. The results of these tests could lead to write-downs of the carrying values of these assets in the current period.


 the Company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. In assessing the qualitative factors
 management considers the impact of these key factors: macro-economic conditions
 industry and market environment
 cost factors
 overall financial performance of the Company
 cash flow from operating activities
 market capitalization
 litigation
 and stock price. If management determines as a result of the qualitative assessment that it is more likely than not (that is
 a likelihood of more than 50 percent) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 then the quantitative test is required. Otherwise
 no further testing is required.


 the Company would compare the carrying amount of a reporting unit that includes goodwill to its fair value. The Company determines the fair value using both an income approach and a market approach. Under the income approach
 fair value is determined based on estimated future cash flows
 discounted by an estimated weighted-average cost of capital
 which reflects the overall level of inherent risk of the Company and the rate of return an outside investor would expect to earn. Under the market-based approach
 information regarding the Company is utilized as well as publicly available industry information to determine earnings multiples that are used to value the Company. A goodwill impairment loss is recognized for the amount that the carrying amount of a reporting unit
 including goodwill
 exceeds its fair value
 limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.


 2018
 the Company tested its goodwill for impairment and determined that no indication of impairment existed as of that date. As a result
 it was not necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test at that time. Subsequent to the 2018 annual impairment test
 there have been no significant events or circumstances affecting the valuation of goodwill that indicate a need for goodwill to be further tested for impairment. Other than the goodwill attributable to the Food Export business segment
 which was written off pursuant to the Company discontinuing its operations during fiscal 2018
 there were no impairment losses for goodwill during fiscal years 2018
 2017
 and 2016.




 2011
 the Company made an investment in Windset which is reported as an investment in non-public company
 fair value
 in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May 27
 2018 and May 28
 2017. The Company has elected to account for its investment in Windset under the fair value option. See Note 3 &ndash; Investment in Non-public Company for further information.










 changes in severity
 benefit level changes
 medical costs
 and claims settlement patterns. This self-insurance liability is included&nbsp;in accrued liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and represents management&#39;s best estimate of the amounts that have not been paid as of May 27
 2018. It is reasonably possible that the expense the Company ultimately incurs could differ and adjustments to future reserves may be necessary.








 following the consolidated net income (loss) caption.


 the Company purchased the remaining 40% non-controlling interest of its subsidiary
 Apio Cooling
 LP (&ldquo;Apio Cooling&rdquo;)
 for approximately $4.7 million in cash. The increase in the Company&rsquo;s ownership interest in Apio Cooling was accounted for as an equity transaction in accordance with ASC Topic 810-10-45-23. The Company recorded a decrease in additional paid-in capital of approximately $2.6 million
 which represents the difference between the cash paid and the book value of the Apio Cooling non-controlling interest account
 which was approximately $1.5 million
 immediately preceding the purchase.




 the Company takes into account such factors as prior earnings history
 expected future earnings
 unsettled circumstances that
 if unfavorably resolved
 would adversely affect utilization of a deferred tax asset
 carryback and carryforward periods
 and tax strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of realization of a deferred tax asset. At May 27
 2018
 the Company had a $1.3 million valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets.


 the Company establishes accruals for uncertain tax positions. The tax-contingency accruals are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances
 such as the progress of tax audits
 case law and emerging legislation. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. The Company&rsquo;s effective tax rate includes the impact of tax-contingency accruals as considered appropriate by management.



 for which the Company has accrued
 is audited and finally resolved. The number of years with open tax audits varies by jurisdiction. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular tax matter
 the Company believes its tax-contingency accruals are adequate to address known tax contingencies. Favorable resolution of such matters could be recognized as a reduction to the Company&rsquo;s effective tax rate in the year of resolution. Unfavorable settlement of any particular issue could increase the effective tax rate. Any resolution of a tax issue may require the use of cash in the year of resolution. The Company&rsquo;s tax-contingency accruals are recorded in other accrued liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.










 warrants and convertible securities and is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution as if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. Diluted common equivalent shares consist of stock options and restricted stock units
 calculated using the treasury stock method.


 except per share amounts):




			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			



			



			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			






495
380 and 1
428
272 shares of Common Stock at a weighted average exercise price of $13.80 and $13.58 per share were outstanding during fiscal years ended May 27
 2018 and May 28
 2017
 respectively
 but were not included in the computation of diluted net income per share because the options&rsquo; exercise price were greater than the average market price of the Common Stock and
 therefore
 their inclusion would be antidilutive.


 the net loss per share includes only weighted average shares outstanding and thus excludes 1.6 million of outstanding options and RSUs as such impacts would be antidilutive for fiscal year 2016.




 packaging
 syringes and fermentation and purification supplies)
 direct labor
 overhead (including indirect labor
 depreciation
 and facility related costs) and shipping and shipping related costs.




 supplies
 travel expenses
 consulting expenses and corporate allocations.










			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			















			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 general and administrative

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			





 which determines the Company&rsquo;s calculation of stock-based compensation expense
 is based on the Black-Scholes option pricing model. RSUs are valued at the closing market price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of grant. The Company uses the straight-line single option method to calculate and recognize the fair value of stock-based compensation arrangements.


 including the expected stock price volatility and expected life of option awards
 which have a significant impact on the fair value estimates. As of May 27
 2018
 May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016
 the fair value of stock option grants was estimated using the following weighted average assumptions:




			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			






 2018
 May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016 was $2.90
 $2.37 and $2.85 per share
 respectively. No stock options were granted above or below grant date market prices during the fiscal years ended May 27
 2018
 May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016.






 which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:



			

			


			






			

			


			






			

			



 which would require the Company to develop its own assumptions.





 2018
 the Company held certain assets and liabilities that were required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis
 including its interest rate swap
 its minority interest investment in Windset
 and its contingent consideration liability from the purchase of 








 including yield curves
 and is categorized as a Level 2 fair value measurement and is included in other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.


 including projected cash flows
 growth rates
 and discount rates. As a result
 the Company&rsquo;s investment in Windset is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. The change in the fair value of the Company&rsquo;s investment in Windset for the twelve months ended May 27
 2018 was due to the Company&rsquo;s 26.9% minority interest in the change in the fair market value of Windset during the period. In determining the fair value of the investment in Windset
 the Company utilizes the following significant unobservable inputs in the discounted cash flow models:




			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





 expense growth
 and income tax rate assumptions are considered the Company&#39;s best estimate of the trends in those items over the discount period. The discount rate assumption takes into account the risk-free rate of return
 the market equity risk premium
 and the company&rsquo;s specific risk premium and then applies an additional discount for lack of liquidity of the underlying securities.&nbsp;The discounted cash flow valuation model used by the Company has the following sensitivity to changes in inputs and assumptions (in thousands):




			
			

			
			

 2018

			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			






 for further information) is determined by utilizing significant unobservable inputs including projected earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization (&ldquo;EBITDA&rdquo;)
 growth rates and discount rates. As a result
 the Company&rsquo;s contingent consideration liability is categorized as a Level 3 fair value measurement. In determining the fair value of the contingent consideration liability
 the Company assumed EBITDA for 






			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			






			

			


			





			

			


			















 2017
 Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (&ldquo;SAB 118&rdquo;) was issued to address the application of GAAP in situations when a registrant does not have the necessary information available
 prepared
 or analyzed in reasonable detail to complete its accounting for certain income tax effects of the TCJA. Pursuant to SAB 118
 as of May 27
 2018
 the Company had not yet completed its accounting for the tax effects of the enactment of the TCJA. The Company&rsquo;s provision for income taxes for the year ended May 27
 2018 is based in part on its best estimate of the effects of the transition tax and existing deferred tax balances with its understanding of the TCJA and guidance available as of the date of this filing. The Company is still analyzing certain aspects of the TCJA and refining the estimate of the expected reversal of our deferred tax balance. This can potentially affect the measurement of these balances or potentially give rise to new deferred tax amounts. The Company adopted the provisions of SAB 118 in the third quarter of 2018.






 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued ASU 2014-09

 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 (&ldquo;ASU 2014-09&rdquo;). The guidance replaces industry-specific guidance and establishes a single five-step model to identify and recognize revenue. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue upon transfer of control of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Additionally
 the guidance requires the entity to disclose further quantitative and qualitative information regarding the nature and amount of revenues arising from contracts with customers
 as well as other information about the significant judgments and estimates used in recognizing revenues from contracts with customers. &nbsp;Since its original issuance
 the FASB has issued several additional related ASUs to address implementation concerns and to further clarify certain guidance within ASU 2014-09. The Company will adopt these updates beginning with the first quarter of fiscal year 2019 and anticipates doing so using the modified retrospective method
 which would require a cumulative effect adjustment of initially applying ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date or initial application.


 the Company has identified the following core revenue streams from its contracts with customers:



			

			


			





			

			


			





			

			


			





 processes
 and systems requirements
 as well assigning internal resources and third-party consultants to assist in the process. Based upon the Company&rsquo;s assessment
 certain contract manufacturing arrangements within its Biomaterials segment contain termination provisions that
 upon final assessment and adoption
 may impact the timing of revenue recognition. Additionally
 the Company has reviewed historical contracts and other arrangements to identify potential differences that could arise from the adoption of ASU 2014-09. Beyond its core revenue streams
 and the items listed above
 the Company has also evaluated the impact of ASU 2014-09 on certain ancillary transactions and other arrangements.


 the Company does not currently anticipate any material changes to its processes
 financial condition
 or results of operations upon adoption of ASU 2014-09. The Company continues to assess the impact of ASU 2014-09
 along with industry trends and additional interpretive guidance
 on its core revenue streams
 and as a result of the continued assessment
 the Company may modify its plan to adoption accordingly.&nbsp;




 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
(&ldquo;ASU 2016-02&rdquo;)
 which requires companies to generally recognize on the balance sheet operating and financing lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use-assets. ASU 2016-02 also requires improved disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the amount
 timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. &nbsp;The Company will adopt ASU 2016-02 beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020 on a modified retrospective basis.





			

			


			





			

			


			





			

			


			





			

			


			





 the Company currently anticipates that the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have a significant impact on its long-term assets and liabilities
 as
 at a minimum
 virtually all of its leases designated as operating leases in Note 9 &ndash; Commitments and Contingencies
 are expected to be reported on the consolidated balance sheets. The pattern of recognition for operating leases within the consolidated statements of comprehensive income is not anticipated to significantly change. This change will have no impact on the Company&rsquo;s ability to meet its loan covenants as the impact from the adoption of ASU 2016-02 was taken into consideration when determining its loan covenants.










 the FASB issued ASU 2018-02
that permits a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in December 2017. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements.




 the FASB issued ASU 2017-12
&nbsp;(ASU 2017-12)
 which amends the presentation and disclosure requirements and changes how companies assess effectiveness. The amendments are intended to more closely align hedge accounting with companies&rsquo; risk management strategies
 simplify the application of hedge accounting
 and increase transparency as to the scope and results of hedging programs. ASU 2017-12 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those periods. Early application is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the future impact of this update on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.




 the FASB issued ASU&nbsp;2016-13
(ASU&nbsp;2016-13)
 which requires the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets including trade receivables held at the reporting date based on historical experience
 current conditions
 and reasonable and supportable forecasts. ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2019. The adoption of ASU 2016-13 is not expected to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.




 
 the Company determined that it had incorrectly included certain accrued capital expenditures as cash flows used in investing activities
 and therefore
 has restated related quarterly information. The Company determined that the error did not have a material impact on the financial statements for fiscal years 2017 and 2016
 but has elected to correct the 2017 and 2016 statements of cash flows in the accompanying consolidated financial statements to reflect the immaterial error correction.


000
 $(411
000)
 $(1.2) million
 and $1.2 million
 respectively.









 2017
 the Company purchased substantially all of the assets of 
 founded in 1995
 is based in Petaluma
 California
 and produces specialty olive oils and wine vinegars. Its products are sold in natural food
 conventional grocery and mass retail stores
 primarily in the United States and Canada.

&rsquo;s cumulative EBITDA over the Company&rsquo;s fiscal years 2018 through 2020. At the end of each fiscal year
 beginning in fiscal year 2018
 for that fiscal year up to $4.6 million over the three year period. The former owners can then earn an additional $2.9 million on a dollar for dollar basis for exceeding $6.0 million of cumulative EBITDA over the three year period.&nbsp; During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017
 the Company performed
 with the assistance of a third party appraiser
&rsquo;s projected EBITDA over the next three years. Based on this analysis the Company recorded a $5.9 million liability as of May 28
 2017
 representing the present value of the expected earn out payments. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018
 the Company performed
 with the assistance of a third party appraiser
&rsquo;s projected EBITDA over the next three years. Based on this analysis
&rsquo;s financial results in fiscal year 2018
&rsquo;s new vinegar production facility
 the Company recorded to SG&amp;A a $1.9 million reduction into the contingent consideration liability
 resulting in a liability of $4.0 million at May 27
 2018. &nbsp;&nbsp;

 are included in the Company&rsquo;s financial statements beginning March 1
 2017
 for the fiscal year 2018 was $3.8 million of revenues and a loss of $960
000.&nbsp;



 acquisition: trade names and trademarks valued at $1.6 million
 which are considered to be indefinite life assets and therefore
 will not be amortized; and customer base valued at $700
000 with an eleven year useful life. The trade name/trademark intangible asset was valued using the relief from royalty valuation method and the customer relationship intangible asset was valued using the excess earnings method.




&rsquo;s long history
 future prospects and the expected operating synergies with Apio&rsquo;s salad business and distribution and logistics capabilities. The Company will test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or sooner
 if indicators of impairment exist.










000 of acquisition-related expenses that were expensed in the year ended May&nbsp;28
 2017 and are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) for the year ended May&nbsp;28
 2017. These expenses included legal
 accounting and tax service fees and appraisals fees.









 2011
&nbsp;Apio entered into a share&nbsp;purchase agreement (the &ldquo;Windset Purchase Agreement&rdquo;)&nbsp;with Windset. Pursuant to the Windset Purchase Agreement
 Apio purchased from Windset 150
000 Senior A preferred shares for $15 million and 201 common shares for $201. On July 15
 2014
 Apio increased its investment in Windset by purchasing from the Newell Capital Corporation an additional 68 common shares and 51
211 junior preferred shares of Windset for $11 million. After this purchase
 the Company&rsquo;s common shares represent a 26.9% ownership interest in Windset. The Senior A preferred&nbsp;shares yield a cash dividend of 7.5% annually. The dividend is payable within 90 days of each anniversary of the execution of the Windset Purchase Agreement. The non-voting junior preferred stock does not yield a dividend unless declared by the Board of Directors of Windset and no such dividend has been declared. Under the terms of the arrangement with Windset
 the Company is entitled to designate one of five members on the Board of Directors of Windset.


 2014
 Apio further increased its investment in Windset by purchasing 70
000 shares of Senior B preferred shares for $7 million. The Senior B preferred shares pay an annual dividend of 7.5% on the amount outstanding at each anniversary date of the Windset Purchase Agreement. The Senior B preferred shares purchased by Apio have a put feature whereby Apio can sell back to Windset $1.5 million of shares on the first anniversary
 an additional $2.75 million of shares on the second anniversary
 and the remaining $2.75 million on the third anniversary. After the third anniversary
 Apio may at any time put any or all of the shares not previously sold back to Windset.


 which could be exercised on or after February 15
 2017 whereby Apio could have exercised the put to sell its common
 Senior A preferred shares
 and junior preferred shares to Windset
 or Windset could have exercised the call to purchase those shares from Apio
 in either case
 at a price equal to 26.9% of the fair market value of Windset&rsquo;s common shares
 plus the liquidation value of the preferred shares of $20.1 million ($15 million for the Senior A preferred shares and $5.1 million for the junior preferred shares). On March 15
 2017
 the Company and Windset amended the Shareholders&rsquo; Agreement by extending the terms of the original Put and Call Option to March 31
 2022.


 the Company has deemed that the investment
 in substance
 should be treated as a single security for purposes of accounting.


 and considers the put and call conversion options. These features impact the duration of the cash flows utilized to derive the estimated fair values of the investment. These two discounted cash flow models are then weighted. Assumptions included in these discounted cash flow models will be evaluated quarterly based on Windset&rsquo;s actual and projected operating results to determine the change in fair value.


 $1.7 million and $1.7 million in dividend income for the fiscal years ended May 27
 2018
 May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016
 respectively. The increase in the fair market value of the Company&rsquo;s investment in Windset for the fiscal years ended May 27
 2018
 May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016 was $2.9 million
 $900
000 and $1.2 million
 respectively
 and is included in other income in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss).


 which was executed in June 2010
 prior to contemplation of Apio&rsquo;s investment in Windset.


















			


			


			


			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			


			



 2018


			


			



 2017


			




			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



712

			

			


			



983


			




			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



607

			

			


			



190


			





 capitalized software
 machinery
 equipment and autos


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



418

			

			


			



375


			




			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



673

			

			


			



272


			




			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



100

			

			


			



811


			




			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



510

			

			


			



631


			




			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



886)

			

			


			



411


			




			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



624

			

			


			



220


			






 2018
 May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016 was $11.0 million
 $9.6 million and $8.2 million
 respectively. Amortization related to capitalized leases
 which is included in depreciation expense
 was $135
000
 $135
000
 and $49
000 for fiscal years ended May 27
 2018
 May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016
 respectively. Amortization related to capitalized software was $632
000
 $414
000
 and $269
000 for fiscal years ended May 27
 2018
 May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016
 respectively. The unamortized computer software costs as of May 27
 2018 and May 28
 2017 was $2.5 million and $2.2 million
 respectively. Capitalized interest was $563
000
 $514
000
 and $487
000 for fiscal years ended May 27
 2018
 May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016
 respectively.







 2018
 May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016 was $35.4 million for the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment
 $13.9 million for the Biomaterials segment
 and $5.2 million for the Other segment.






			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			

			




 2015

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			





 2016

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			





 2017

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2018

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			





000 as of May 27
 2018 and May 28
 2017. Accumulated amortization of Customer Relationships as of May 27
 2018 and May 28
 2017 was $6.1 million and $5.1 million
 respectively. Lifecore&rsquo;s Customer Relationships amount of $3.7 million is being amortized over 12 years
 Apio&rsquo;s Customer Relationships amount of $7.5 million is being amortized over 13 years
&rsquo;s Customer Relationships amount of $700
000 is being amortized over 11 years. The amortization expense for the next five fiscal years is estimated to be $949
000 per year.

















 and as of May 27
 2018 has no outstanding preferred stock.




 2018
 the Company had 2.9 million common shares reserved for future issuance under Landec equity incentive plans.


 2013
 following stockholder approval at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company
 the 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;) became effective and replaced the Company&rsquo;s 2009 Stock Incentive Plan. Employees (including officers)
 consultants and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates are eligible to participate in the Plan.


 2017
 1.0 million shares were added to the Plan following stockholder approval at the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.


 stock grants
participants and 2.0 million shares of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock (&ldquo;Shares&rdquo;) were initially available for award under the Plan. Under the Plan
 no recipient may receive awards during any fiscal year that exceeds the following amounts: (i) stock options covering in excess of 500
000 Shares; (ii) stock grants and stock units covering in excess of 250
000 Shares in the aggregate; or (iii) stock appreciation rights covering more than 500
000 Shares. In addition
 awards to non-employee directors are discretionary. However
 a non-employee director may not be granted awards in excess of 30
000 Shares in the aggregate during any fiscal year. The exercise price of the options is the fair market value of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock on the date the options are granted. As of May 27
 2018
 2
070
705 options to purchase shares and restricted stock units (&ldquo;RSUs&rdquo;) were outstanding.


 2009
 following stockholder approval at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company
 the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2009 Plan&rdquo;) became effective and replaced the Company&rsquo;s 2005 Stock Incentive Plan. Employees (including officers)
 consultants and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates were eligible to participate in the 2009 Plan. The 2009 Plan provided for the grant of stock options (both nonstatutory and incentive stock options)
 stock grants
 stock units and stock appreciation rights. Under the 2009 Plan
 1.9 million shares were initially available for awards and as of May 27
 2018
 292
667 options to purchase shares and RSUs were outstanding.








			
			
			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			


			
			

			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			Price

			




 2015

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			

736

			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			




 2016

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			

731

			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2017

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			

571

			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

000

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			




 2018

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			

955

			
			
			
			
			











 2017 and 2016
 certain RSUs and exercised options were net share-settled to cover the required exercise price and withholding tax and the remaining amounts were converted into an equivalent number of shares of Common Stock. The Company withheld shares with value equivalent to the exercise price for options and the employees&#39; minimum statutory obligation for the applicable income and other employment taxes
 and remitted the cash to the appropriate taxing authorities. The total shares withheld for fiscal years 2018
 2017 and 2016 were 121
652
 137
089 and 95
550 RSUs and options
 respectively
 which was based on the value of the option and/or RSUs on their exercise or vesting date as determined by the Company&#39;s closing stock price.


 2017 and 2016 were approximately $1.5 million
 $434
000 and zero
 respectively. These net-share settlements had the effect of share repurchases by the Company as they reduced and retired the number of shares that would have otherwise have been issued as a result of the vesting and did not represent an expense to the Company.


 2018:




			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			

			
			

			

			
			

			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

955

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

937

			
			
			

383

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

122

			





 2018 and May 28
 2017 options to purchase 1
383
732 and 1
021
097 shares of Landec&rsquo;s Common Stock were vested
 respectively
 and 571
603 and 550
445 were unvested
 respectively. No options have been exercised prior to being vested. The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value
 based on the Company&rsquo;s closing stock price of $14.05 on May 27
 2018
 which would have been received by holders of stock options had all holders of stock options exercised their stock options that were in-the-money as of that date. The total number of in-the-money stock options exercisable as of May 27
 2018
 was 548
692 shares. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the fiscal year 2018 was $178
000.





			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			

			



			

			
			

383

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

122

			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			

955

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

937

			





 2018
 there was $3.8 million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested equity compensation awards granted under the Landec incentive stock plans. Total expense is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average period of 2.0 years for stock options and 1.9 years for restricted stock unit awards.




 2010
 the Board of Directors of the Company approved the establishment of a stock repurchase plan which allows for the repurchase of up to $10.0 million of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock. The Company may repurchase its Common Stock from time to time in open market purchases or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased is at the discretion of management of the Company and will depend on a variety of factors
 including stock price
 corporate and regulatory requirements
 market conditions
 the relative attractiveness of other capital deployment opportunities and other corporate priorities. The stock repurchase program does not obligate Landec to acquire any amount of its Common Stock and the program may be modified
 suspended or terminated at any time at the Company&#39;s discretion without prior notice. During fiscal years 2018
 2017 and 2016
 the Company did not purchase any shares on the open market.

















			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			




 BMO Harris Bank N
A. (&ldquo;BMO&rdquo;)
 and City National Bank (&ldquo;CNB&rdquo;); due in quarterly principal and interest payments of $1
250 beginning December 1
 2016 through September 23
 2021 with the remainder due on maturity
 with interest based on the Company&rsquo;s leverage ratio at a per annum rate of the Eurodollar rate plus a spread of between 1.25% and 2.25%

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			





 net of unamortized debt issuance costs

			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			



			





 net

			
			


			
			
			


			









			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			






 2016
 the Company entered into a Credit Agreement with JPMorgan
 BMO
 and City National Bank
 as lenders (collectively
 the &ldquo;Lenders&rdquo;)
 and JPMorgan as administrative agent
 pursuant to which the Lenders provided the Company with a $100 million revolving line of credit (the &ldquo;Revolver&rdquo;) and a $50 million term loan facility (the &ldquo;Term Loan&rdquo;)
 guaranteed by each of the Company&rsquo;s direct and indirect subsidiaries and secured by substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 with the exception of the Company&rsquo;s investment in Windset.


 2021)
 with the Term Loan providing for quarterly principal payments of $1.25 million commencing December 1
 2016
 with the remainder due at maturity.


 at the Company&rsquo;s discretion
 plus a spread based on the Company&rsquo;s leverage ratio (generally defined as the ratio of the Company&rsquo;s total indebtedness on such date to the Company&rsquo;s consolidated earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation
 and amortization (&ldquo;EBITDA&rdquo;) for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ended on or most recently prior to such date). The spread is at a per annum rate of (i) between 0.25% and 1.25% if the prime rate is elected or (ii) between 1.25% and 2.25% if the Eurodollar rate is elected.




 2018.








 2016
 the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement (&ldquo;Swap&rdquo;) with BMO at a notional amount of $50 million. The Swap has the effect of changing the Company&rsquo;s Term Loan obligation from a variable interest rate to a fixed 30-day LIBOR rate of 1.22%. As of May 27
 2018
 the interest rate on the Term Loan was 3.22%. For further discussion regarding the Company&rsquo;s use of derivative instruments
 see the Financial Instruments section of Note 1 &ndash; Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.


 the Company incurred in fiscal year 2017 lender and third-party debt issuance costs of $897
000
 of which $598
000 and $299
000 was allocated to the Revolver and Term Loan
 respectively. Amortization of loan origination fees for fiscal years 2018
 2017 and 2016 were $181
000
 $142
000 and $293
000
 respectively.


 all of the proceeds of the Term Loan
 and $1.5 million of the Revolver
 was used by the Company to repay all then existing debt. Accordingly
 the Company recognized a loss on debt refinancing of $1.2 million
 which included $233
000 of payments for early debt extinguishment penalties and $1.0 million from the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs on the Company&rsquo;s then existing debt as of September 23
 2016.


 2018
 $27.0 million was outstanding on the Revolver. As of May 27
 2018
 the interest rate on the Revolver was 3.91% for the $23.0 million under the Libor option
 and 5.75% for the $4.0 million under the Alternative Base Rate (Prime) option.









 2017
 the U.S. Government enacted the reconciled tax reform bill
 commonly known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the &ldquo;TCJA&rdquo;)
 which became effective on January 1
 2018. The TCJA makes broad changes to the U.S. tax code including
 but not limited to
 reducing the Company&rsquo;s federal statutory tax rate from 35%
 to an average rate of 29.35% for the fiscal year ended May 27
 2018
 and then 21% for fiscal years thereafter; requiring companies to pay a one-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries; generally eliminating U.S. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; requiring a current inclusion in U.S. federal taxable income of certain earnings of controlled foreign corporations&#39; creating a global intangibles low-taxed income inclusion (GILTI) and the base erosion anti-abuse tax (BEAT)
 a new minimum tax. The TCJA also enhances and extends through 2026 the option to claim accelerated depreciation deductions on qualified property&#894; however
 the domestic manufacturing deduction
 from which the Company has historically benefitted
 has been eliminated.


 2017
 SAB 118&nbsp;was issued to address the application of GAAP in situations when a registrant does not have the necessary information available
 prepared
 or analyzed in reasonable detail to complete its accounting for certain income tax effects of the TCJA. Pursuant to SAB 118
 as of May 27
 2018
 the Company had not yet completed its accounting for the tax effects of the enactment of the TCJA. The Company&rsquo;s provision for income taxes for the year ended May 27
 2018 is based in part on its best estimate of the effects of the transition tax and existing deferred tax balances with its understanding of the TCJA and guidance available as of the date of this filing. For the amounts which were reasonably estimable
 we recognized a provisional remeasurement of $16.2 million of certain deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the rates at which they are expected to reverse in the future. The provisional amount related to the one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings was an expense of $1.8 million. We are still analyzing certain aspects of the TCJA and refining the estimate of the expected reversal of our deferred tax balance. This can potentially affect the measurement of these balances or potentially give rise to new deferred tax amounts.






			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			















			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 net of federal benefit

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			







 and one-time transition tax on the repatriation of foreign earnings. Additionally
 the effective tax rate for fiscal year 2018 decreased from expense of 29% to a benefit of 64% in comparison to fiscal year 2017.






			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			




			

			
			


			
			
			



			




			

			
			


			
			
			



			




			

			
			


			
			
			



			



			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			






 including change in ending federal and state deferred blended rate
 one-time transition tax due to the repatriation of foreign earnings
 the change in valuation allowance
 limitation of deductibility of executive compensation
 and the benefit of federal and state research and development credits. The effective tax rates for fiscal year 2017 differ from the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% as a result of several factors
 including non-deductible stock-based compensation expense
 disqualified dispositions of incentive stock options
 excess equity compensation benefits from the adoption of ASU 2016-09
 domestic manufacturing deduction
 the benefit of federal and state research and development credits
 the change in valuation allowance
 all of which is partially offset by state taxes. The effective tax rates for fiscal year 2016 differ from the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% as a result of several factors
 including state taxes
 non-deductible stock-based compensation expense
 disqualified dispositions of incentive stock options
 domestic manufacturing deduction
 162m limitation
 the benefit of federal and state research and development credits and the change in valuation allowance.








&nbsp;2018
&nbsp;excess&nbsp;tax&nbsp;deficits&nbsp;related&nbsp;to&nbsp;stock-based&nbsp;compensation&nbsp;of&nbsp;$38
000 were&nbsp;reflected&nbsp;in&nbsp;the&nbsp;consolidated statements of&nbsp;income (loss) as&nbsp;a&nbsp;component&nbsp;of&nbsp;income tax&nbsp;expense&nbsp;as&nbsp;a result&nbsp;of&nbsp;the adoption of&nbsp;ASU&nbsp;2016-09
&nbsp;specifically related to&nbsp;the prospective&nbsp;application&nbsp;of excess tax&nbsp;deficits&nbsp;and tax deficiencies&nbsp;related to stock-based&nbsp;compensation.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


 
 in the quarter beginning May 30
 2016. Accordingly the primary effects of the adoption are as follows: (1) using a modified retrospective application
 the Company recorded unrecognized excess tax benefits of $549
000 as a cumulative-effect adjustment
 which increased retained earnings
 and reduced deferred taxes by the same
 (2) using a modified retrospective application
 the Company has elected to recognize forfeitures as they occur and recorded a $200
000 increase to additional paid in capital
 a $126
000 reduction to retained earnings
 and a $74
000 reduction to deferred taxes to reflect the incremental stock-based compensation expense
 net of the related tax impacts
 that would have been recognized in prior years under the modified guidance
 and (3) $150
000 and $463
000 in excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation was reclassified from cash flows from financing activities to cash flows from operating activities for the fiscal years ended May 29
 2016 and May 31
 2015
 respectively
 in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.


 2018
 the Company had federal
 Indiana
 and other state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $7.1 million
 $5.6 million
 and $3.1 million
 respectively. These losses expire in different periods through 2032
 if not utilized. The Company acquired additional net operating losses through the acquisition of GreenLine. Utilization of these acquired net operating losses in a specific year is limited due to the &ldquo;change in ownership&rdquo; provision of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and similar state provisions. The net operating losses presented above for federal and state purposes are net of any such limitation.


&nbsp;California
 and Minnesota research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately $0.4 million
 $1.5 million
 and $0.7 million
 respectively. The research and development tax credit carryforwards have an unlimited carryforward period for state purposes and a 20-year carryforward for federal purposes.


 the Company determined that a valuation allowance of $1.3 million should be recorded as a result of uncertainty around the utilization of certain state net operating losses and a book impairment loss on the Company&#39;s investment in Aesthetic Sciences as it is more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized in the foreseeable future. The valuation allowance increased by an immaterial amount from the prior year primarily due to uncertainty around the utilization of certain state net operating losses and credits.


 and the derecognition of tax benefits
 classification on the balance sheet
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure
 and transition.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;






			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			











 2018
 the total amount of net unrecognized tax benefits is $479
000
 of which
 $372
000
 if recognized
 would change the effective tax rate. The Company accrues interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in its provision for income taxes. The total amount of penalties and interest is not material as of May 27
 2018. Additionally
 the Company expects its unrecognized tax benefits to decrease by approximately $25
000 within the next 12 months.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


 the Company is subject to examination for tax years 2015 forward for U.S. tax purposes. The Company was also subject to examination in various state jurisdictions for tax years 2012 forward
 none of which were individually material.









&nbsp;facilities
 and equipment under operating lease agreements with various terms and conditions
 which expire at various dates through fiscal year 2030. Certain of these leases have renewal options.


 2018 are as follows (in thousands):




			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			





 including month to month arrangements was $6.1 million
 $5.6 million and $4.5 million for the fiscal years 2018
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.




 2015
 Lifecore leased a 65
000 square foot building in Chaska
 MN
 two miles from its current facility. The initial term of the lease is seven years with two five-year renewal options. The lease contains a buyout option at any time after year seven with the purchase price equal to the mortgage balance on the lessor&rsquo;s loan secured by the building. Included in property
 plant and equipment as of May 27
 2018 is $3.6 million associated with this capital lease. The monthly lease payment was initially $34
000 and increases by 2.4% per year. Lifecore and the lessor made capital improvements prior to occupancy and thus the lease did not become effective until January 1
 2016. Lifecore is currently using the building for warehousing and final packaging. Apio has a capital lease for office equipment for which the value of $79
000 is included in property
 plant and equipment as of May 27
 2018.





		
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			













 2018
 the Company was committed to purchase $24.4 million of produce and other materials during fiscal year 2019 in accordance with contractual terms at market rates. Payments of $35.8 million
 $32.2 million and $30.5 million were made in fiscal years 2018
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 under similar arrangements.




 the Company is involved in various legal proceedings and claims.


 estimate settlements
 legal rulings
 advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. Legal fees are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.


 California processing plant. The campaign has involved a union and over 100 former and current employees of Pacific Harvest
 Inc. and Rancho Harvest
 Inc. (collectively &quot;Pacific Harvest&quot;)
 Apio&#39;s labor contractors at its Guadalupe
 California processing facility
 bringing legal actions before various state and federal agencies
 the California Superior Court
 and initiating over 100 individual arbitrations against Apio and Pacific Harvest.


 (2) discrimination/wrongful termination claims before state and federal agencies and in individual arbitrations
 and (3) wage and hour claims as part of two Private Attorney General Act (&ldquo;PAGA&rdquo;) cases in state court and in over 100 individual arbitrations.


 Apio
 and Pacific Harvest that were pending before the NLRB was approved on December 27
 2016 for $310
000. Apio was responsible for half of this settlement
 or $155
000. On May 5
 2017
 the parties to the remaining actions executed a Settlement Agreement concerning the discrimination/wrongful termination claims and the wage and hour claims which covers all non-exempt employees of Pacific Harvest working at Apio&#39;s Guadalupe
 California processing facility from September 2011 through the settlement date. Under the settlement agreement
 the plaintiffs are to be paid $6.0 million in three installments
 $2.4 million of which was paid on July 3
 2017
 $1.8 million which was paid on November 22
 2017 and $1.8 million which was paid in July 2018. The Company and Pacific Harvest have each agreed to pay one half of the settlement payments. The Company paid the entire first two installments of $4.2 million and will be reimbursed by Pacific Harvest for its $2.1 million portion
 of which $600
000 and $1.5 million is included in Prepaid and other current assets and Other assets
 respectively
 in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. This receivable will be repaid through monthly payments until fully paid
 which the Company expects to occur by December 2020. The Company and Pacific Harvest each paid their portion of the third installment in July 2018. The Company&rsquo;s recourse against non-payment by Pacific Harvest is its security interest in assets owned by Pacific Harvest.


 2017 and 2016
 the Company incurred legal expenses of $639
000
 $2.1 million and $542
000
 respectively
 related to these actions. During the twelve months ended May 28
 2017
 the Company recorded a legal settlement charge of $2.6 million related to these actions. As of May 27
 2018
 the Company had accrued $1.0 million related to these actions
 which is included in Other accrued liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.







 allows participants to contribute from 1% to 50% of their salaries
 up to the Internal Revenue Service limitation into designated investment funds. The Company matches 100% on the first 3% and 50% on the next 2% contributed by an employee. Employee and Company contributions are fully vested at the time of the contributions. The Company retains the right
 by action of the Board of Directors
 to amend
 modify
 or terminate the plan. For fiscal years 2018
 2017 and 2016
 the Company contributed $1.8 million


 to the Landec Plan.













 the Company managed its business operations through three strategic business units based upon the information reported to the chief operating decision maker
 who is the Chief Executive Officer: Packaged Fresh Vegetables
 Food Export and Biomaterials. However
 in May 2018
 the Company discontinued its Food Export business segment. As a result
 the Company met the requirements of ASC 205-20 and ASC 360 to report the results of the Food Export business segment as discontinued operations. The operating results for the Food Export business segment
 in all periods presented
 have been reclassified to discontinued operations and are no longer reported as a separate segment. &nbsp;


 the majority of which incorporate the BreatheWay specialty packaging for the retail grocery
 club store and food services industry. In addition
 the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment sells BreatheWay packaging to partners for fruit and vegetable products. The Biomaterials segment sells products utilizing hyaluronan
 a naturally occurring polysaccharide that is widely distributed in the extracellular matrix of connective tissues in both animals and humans
 and non-HA products for medical use primarily in the Ophthalmic
 Orthopedic and other markets. Other includes licensing and R&amp;D activities from Landec&rsquo;s Intelimer polymers for agricultural products
 business from its acquisition date of March 1
 2017 through May 27
 2018. The Other segment also includes corporate general and administrative expenses
 non-Packaged Fresh Vegetables and non-Biomaterials interest income and income tax expenses. All of the assets of the Company are located within the United States of America.






			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

















 2018

			

			
			
			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2017

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2016

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			



			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			



			






 2018
 May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016 have been restated to reflect the reclassification of the Food Export segment to discontinued operations.

 2018
 May 28
 2017
 and May 29
 2016.













 except for per share amounts):





			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			








			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





 the Company determined that it had improperly included accrued capital expenditures in cash used in investing activities from the purchase of property and equipment in its statements of cash flows for the previous annual financial statements and the quarterly financial statements for fiscal years 2018 and 2017. While the Company concluded that the impact of these errors was not material to prior annual periods
 the Company concluded that the errors were material to its 2018 and 2017 quarterly statements of cash flows. As a result
 the Company has restated all quarterly periods in fiscal years 2018 and 2017 to reflect the correction of these errors (the Restatement). The following tables summarize the impact of the Restatement on the Company&rsquo;s previously reported consolidated statements of cash flows included in the Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-Q for each respective period.





			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			








			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
















 the Company discontinued its Food Export business. As a result
 the Company met the requirements of ASC 205-20&cedil; to report the results of the Food Export segment as a discontinued operation and to classify the Food Export Segment as a group of assets and liabilities held for abandonment. The operating results for the Food Export business have therefore been reclassified as a discontinued operation.






			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			




 discontinued operations:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 discontinued operations

			
			
			
			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 discontinued operations:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 discontinued operations

			
			
			
			
			
			


			





 the operations associated with this business qualified for reporting as discontinued operations. Accordingly
 the operating results
 net of tax
 from discontinued operations are presented separately in the Company&rsquo;s consolidated statements of income (loss) and the notes to the consolidated financial statements have been adjusted to exclude the Food Export business segment. Components of amounts reflected in (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of tax are as follows (in thousands):




			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 general and administrative

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net of tax

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





000
 $(515
000)
 and $11
000 for the fiscal years ended May 27
 2018
 May 28
 2017
 and May 29
 2016
 respectively.









 2018
 the Company entered into an interest rate swap contract (the &ldquo;Swap&rdquo;) with JPMorgan at a notional amount of $30.0 million. The Swap has the effect of converting the Company&rsquo;s Revolver obligation from a variable interest rate to a fixed 30-day LIBOR rate of 2.74%.










		

			


			







			
			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 7
 2008.




			


			


			




			


			


Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 16
 2012.




			


			


			




			


			


Form of Indemnification Agreement
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 29
 2005.




			


			


			




			


			



 1993 between the Registrant and Wayne R. Brown &amp; Bibbits Brown
 Trustees of the Wayne R. Brown &amp; Bibbits Brown Living Trust dated December 30
 1987
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 33-80723) declared effective on February 12
 1996.




			


			


			




			


			


Agreement and Plan of Merger between Landec Corporation
 a California corporation
 and the Registrant
 dated as of November 6
 2008
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 7
 2008.




			


			


			




			


			


2009 Stock Incentive Plan
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant&#39;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 19
 2009.




			


			


			




			


			


Form of Stock Grant Agreement for 2009 Stock Incentive Plan
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant&#39;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 19
 2009.




			


			


			




			


			


Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement for 2009 Stock Incentive Plan
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registrant&#39;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 19
 2009.




			


			


			




			


			


Form of Stock Unit Agreement for 2009 Stock Incentive Plan
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Registrant&#39;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 19
 2009.




			


			


			




			


			


Form of Stock Appreciation Right Agreement for 2009 Stock Incentive Plan
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to the Registrant&#39;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 19
 2009.



			
			
			



			


			


Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan
 incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 31
 2013.




			


			


			




			


			


2013 Stock Incentive Plan
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant&#39;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 11
 2013.





		
			
			
First Amendment to the 2013 Stock Incentive Plan
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 23
 2017.

		
			
			
			



			


			


Form of Stock Grant Agreement for 2013 Stock Incentive Plan
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant&#39;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 11
 2013.




			


			


			




			


			


Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement for 2013 Stock Incentive Plan
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registrant&#39;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 11
 2013.




			


			


			




			


			


Form of Stock Unit Agreement for 2013 Stock Incentive Plan
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Registrant&#39;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 11
 2013.




			


			


			




			


			


Form of Stock Appreciation Right Agreement for 2013 Stock Incentive Plan
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to the Registrant&#39;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 11
 2013.













			
			


			


			



			
			
			

		
			
			
2018 Cash Bonus Plan
 incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 26
 2017.

		
			
			
			



			


			


Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Gregory S. Skinner effective as of October 15
 2015
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 21
 2015.




			


			


			




			


			


Employment Agreements between the Registrant and Molly A. Hemmeter effective as of October 15
 2015
and 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 21
 2015.




			


			


			




			


			


Loan Agreement dated February 26
 2016 between the Registrant
 Apio
 Inc.
 Apio Cooling LP and CF Equipment Loans LLC (successor-in-interest to General Electric Capital Corporation) incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 3
 2016.



			
			
			



			


			


Promissory Note dated February 26
 2016 issued by Apio to CF Equipment Loans
 LLC
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 3
 2016.




			


			


			




			


			


Promissory Note dated February 26
 2016 issued by Apio to CF Equipment Loans
 LLC
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 3
 2016.




			


			


			




			


			


Guaranty dated February 26
 2016 between the Registrant and CF Equipment Loans
 LLC
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 3
 2016.



			
			
			



			

			

Credit Agreement and Pledge and Security Agreement by and between the Registrant
 and JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 BMO Harris Bank N.A.
 and City National Bank
 dated September 23
 2016
and 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 29
 2016.



			
			
			



			

			

Long-Term Incentive Plan for Fiscal Year 2019
 incorporated herein by reference to Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-k dated October 25
 2016.



			
			
			



			

			

Settlement Agreement amongst the Registrant
 Apio
 Inc.
 Rancho Harvest
 Inc. and Pacific Harvest
 Inc. and the plaintiffs named therein and Addendum to the Settlement Agreement effective as of May 5
 2017
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 10
 2017.


		
			
			
			



			

			

Purchase Agreement dated as of April 26
 2018
 by and between Apio
 Inc. Michael R. Mills
 San Ysidro Farms
 Inc.
 B&amp;D Farms
 Mahoney Brothers
 and RCM Farms
 LLC
 incorporated here by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 2
 2018.


		
			
			
			

		
			
			
Letter Agreement dated May 22
 2018 among Registrant
 Nelson Obus and Wynnefield Capital
 Inc. incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 25
 2018.






			


			



 2018&nbsp;


			




			


			



 Inc.


			




			


			



 Inc.&nbsp;


			













			
			

			

			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			



			
			

			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			



 as amended
 is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.




			


			


			




			


			


			













 the Registrant has duly caused this Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized
 in the City of Santa Clara
 State of California
 on August 9
 2018.


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			






KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS
 that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Molly A. Hemmeter and Gregory S. Skinner
 and each of them
 as his attorney-in-fact
 with full power of substitution
 for him in any and all capacities
 to sign any and all amendments to this Report on Form 10-K
 and to file the same
 with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 hereby ratifying and confirming our signatures as they may be signed by our said attorney to any and all amendments to said Report on Form 10-K.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this Report on Form 10-


		

			


			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			



 2018


		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			



 2018


		

			


			


			


			

			

		


 Ph.D


			


			


			

			

		


 Ph.D


			


			


			



 2018


		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			



 2018


		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			



 2018


		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			



 2018


		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			



 2018


		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			



 2018


		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			



 2018


		
			
			
			
			
			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			



 2018













		

			
			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		
			

			


			


		

			


			


			


		
			

			


			


		

			


			


			


		
			

			


			


		

			


			


			


		
			

			


			


		

			


			


			


		
			

			


			


		

			


			


			



















	
	















			

			

 and






			

			
			





 2018
 with respect to the consolidated financial statements&nbsp;of Landec Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Landec Corporation included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Landec Corporation for the year ended May 27
 2018.





 California

 2018














	
	






 Molly A. Hemmeter
 certify that:




 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this annual report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




		
			

			



 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;





		
			

			



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;





		
			

			



 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and





		
			

			



 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and





 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):


		
			

			



 process
 summarize and report financial information; and





		
			

			



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.





		


 2018


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			

















	
	






 Gregory S. Skinner
 certify that:




 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




		
			

			



 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;





		
			

			



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;





		
			

			



 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and





		
			

			



 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and





 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):


		
			

			



 process
 summarize and report financial information; and





		
			

			



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#39;s internal control over financial reporting.





		


 2018


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			

















	
	





18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


 2018 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Molly A. Hemmeter
 Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:




 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.


		


 2018


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		
			
			
			
			





		

			



 Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure document.


















	
	





18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002



 2018 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Gregory S. Skinner
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:




 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.


 2018

		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		
			
			
			
			

		

			


			


			


			






		

			



 Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure document.



















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;/div&gt;during the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;fourth&lt;/div&gt; quarter of fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; the Company determined that it had incorrectly included certain accrued capital expenditures as cash flows used in investing activities
 and therefore
 has restated related quarterly information. The Company determined that the error did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; have a material impact on the financial statements for fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016

000
&lt;/div&gt; $(&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;411
000&lt;/div&gt;)
 $(&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.2&lt;/div&gt;) million
 and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.2&lt;/div&gt; million

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 2011
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company made an investment in Windset which is reported as an investment in non-public company
 fair value
 in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  


  
  


&lt;/div&gt; the Company purchased the remaining &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;40%&lt;/div&gt; non-controlling interest of its subsidiary
 Apio Cooling
 LP (&amp;#x201c;Apio Cooling&amp;#x201d;)
 for approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$4.7&lt;/div&gt; million in cash. The increase in the Company&amp;#x2019;s ownership interest in Apio Cooling was accounted for as an equity transaction in accordance with ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;810&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;45&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;23.&lt;/div&gt; The Company recorded a decrease in additional paid-in capital of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.6&lt;/div&gt; million
 which represents the difference between the cash paid and the book value of the Apio Cooling non-controlling interest account
 which was approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.5&lt;/div&gt; million

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the Company recognized revenues of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$556
000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$514
000
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$666
000
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. These amounts have been included in product sales in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss)
 from the sale of products to and license fees from Windset. The related receivable balances of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$334
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$388
000&lt;/div&gt; from Windset are included in accounts receivable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017

 unrelated to the revenue transactions above
 the Company purchases produce from Windset for sale to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt; parties. During fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the Company recognized cost of product sales of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$22
000
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$32
000
&lt;/div&gt; respectively
 in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss)
 from the sale of products purchased from Windset. The related accounts payable of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$22
000&lt;/div&gt; to Windset are included in accounts payable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017




  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  


  


  


  

  
  

  


  


  


  


  


  


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.4&lt;/div&gt; million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.9&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.1&lt;/div&gt; million

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  


  


  

 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company purchased substantially all of the assets of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;O&lt;/div&gt; for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.5&lt;/div&gt; million in cash plus contingent consideration of up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$7.5&lt;/div&gt; million over the next &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; years based upon &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;O&lt;/div&gt; achieving certain EBITDA targets. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;O&lt;/div&gt;
 founded in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1995
&lt;/div&gt; is based in Petaluma
 California
 and produces specialty olive oils and wine vinegars. Its products are sold in natural food
 conventional grocery and mass retail stores

 beginning in fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; the former owners of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;O&lt;/div&gt; will earn the equivalent of the EBITDA achieved by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;O&lt;/div&gt; for that fiscal year up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$4.6&lt;/div&gt; million over the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; year period. The former owners can then earn an additional &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.9&lt;/div&gt; million on a dollar for dollar basis for exceeding &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$6.0&lt;/div&gt; million of cumulative EBITDA over the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; year period.&amp;nbsp; During the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;fourth&lt;/div&gt; quarter of fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; the Company performed
 with the assistance of a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt; party appraiser
 an analysis of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;O&lt;/div&gt;&amp;#x2019;s projected EBITDA over the next &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; years. Based on this analysis the Company recorded a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.9&lt;/div&gt; million liability as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;representing the present value of the expected earn out payments. During the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;fourth&lt;/div&gt; quarter of fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; the Company performed
 with the assistance of a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt; party appraiser
 an analysis of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;O&lt;/div&gt;&amp;#x2019;s projected EBITDA over the next &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; years. Based on this analysis
 and primarily due to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;O&lt;/div&gt;&amp;#x2019;s financial results in fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; which were well below the prior year projections for fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; due primarily to significant delays in completing the construction of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;O&lt;/div&gt;&amp;#x2019;s new vinegar production facility
 the Company recorded to SG&amp;amp;A a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.9&lt;/div&gt; million reduction into the contingent consideration liability
 resulting in a liability of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$4.0&lt;/div&gt; million at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27

 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;in the Other segment.&amp;nbsp; Included in the Company&amp;#x2019;s results for&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt; O&lt;/div&gt; for the fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3.8&lt;/div&gt; million of revenues and a loss of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$960

 which are considered to be indefinite life assets and therefore
 will &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be amortized; and customer base valued at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$700

 which represents the goodwill amount resulting from the acquisition which can be attributable to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;O&lt;/div&gt;&amp;#x2019;s long history
 future prospects and the expected operating synergies with Apio&amp;#x2019;s salad business and distribution and logistics capabilities. The Company will test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or sooner

000&lt;/div&gt; of acquisition-related expenses that were expensed in the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;28
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) for the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;28
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; These expenses included legal

  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 cash equivalents











  
  
  

&amp;nbsp;facilities
 and equipment under operating lease agreements with various terms and conditions









 including month to month arrangements was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$6.1&lt;/div&gt; million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.6&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$4.5&lt;/div&gt; million for the fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016

 2015
 &lt;/div&gt;Lifecore leased a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;65
000&lt;/div&gt; square foot building in Chaska
 MN
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; miles from its current facility. The initial term of the lease is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;seven&lt;/div&gt; years with &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two five&lt;/div&gt;-year renewal options. The lease contains a buyout option at any time after year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;seven&lt;/div&gt; with the purchase price equal to the mortgage balance on the lessor&amp;#x2019;s loan secured by the building. Included in property
 plant and equipment as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3.6&lt;/div&gt; million associated with this capital lease. The monthly lease payment was initially &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$34
000&lt;/div&gt; and increases by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2.4%&lt;/div&gt; per year. Lifecore and the lessor made capital improvements prior to occupancy and thus the lease did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; become effective until &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 1
 2016. &lt;/div&gt;Lifecore is currently using the building for warehousing and final packaging. Apio has a capital lease for office equipment for which the value of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$79
000&lt;/div&gt; is included in property
 plant and equipment as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27






 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company was committed to purchase &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$24.4&lt;/div&gt; million of produce and other materials during fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; in accordance with contractual terms at market rates. Payments of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$35.8&lt;/div&gt; million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$32.2&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$30.5&lt;/div&gt; million were made in fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; respectively


 estimate settlements
 legal rulings

 California processing plant. The campaign has involved a union and over &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;100&lt;/div&gt; former and current employees of Pacific Harvest
 Inc. and Rancho Harvest
 Inc. (collectively Pacific Harvest)
 Apio's labor contractors at its Guadalupe
 California processing facility
 bringing legal actions before various state and federal agencies
 the California Superior Court

 (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;) discrimination/wrongful termination claims before state and federal agencies and in individual arbitrations

 Apio
 and Pacific Harvest that were pending before the NLRB was approved on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 27
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$310
000.&lt;/div&gt; Apio was responsible for half of this settlement
 or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$155
000.&lt;/div&gt; On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 5
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the parties to the remaining actions executed a Settlement Agreement concerning the discrimination/wrongful termination claims and the wage and hour claims which covers all non-exempt employees of Pacific Harvest working at Apio's Guadalupe
 California processing facility from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; September 2011 &lt;/div&gt;through the settlement date. Under the settlement agreement
 the plaintiffs are to be paid &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$6.0&lt;/div&gt; million in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; installments
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.4&lt;/div&gt; million of which was paid on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; July 3
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.8&lt;/div&gt; million which was paid on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; November 22
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.8&lt;/div&gt; million which was paid in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; July 2018. &lt;/div&gt;The Company and Pacific Harvest have each agreed to pay &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; half of the settlement payments. The Company paid the entire &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; installments of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$4.2&lt;/div&gt; million and will be reimbursed by Pacific Harvest for its &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.1&lt;/div&gt; million portion
 of which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$600
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.5&lt;/div&gt; million is included in Prepaid and other current assets and Other assets
 respectively
 in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. This receivable will be repaid through monthly payments until fully paid

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the Company incurred legal expenses of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$639
000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.1&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$542
000
&lt;/div&gt; respectively
 related to these actions. During the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;twelve&lt;/div&gt; months ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company recorded a legal settlement charge of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.6&lt;/div&gt; million related to these actions. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company had accrued &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.0&lt;/div&gt; million related to these actions

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  

  
  

 marketable securities
 trade accounts receivable
 grower advances and notes receivable are financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk. Our Company policy limits
 among other things
 the amount of credit exposure to any &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; issuer and to any &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; type of investment
 other than securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government. The Company routinely assesses the financial strength of customers and growers and
 as a consequence
 believes that trade receivables

 including some monomers used to synthesize Intelimer polymers

 in which the Company holds a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;26.9%&lt;/div&gt; minority investment
 are predominantly located in British Columbia
 Canada and Santa Maria
 California. Routinely

 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;sales to the Company&amp;#x2019;s top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; customers accounted for approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;49%&lt;/div&gt; of total revenue with the top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; customers from the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment
 Costco Corporation (&amp;#x201c;Costco&amp;#x201d;) and Wal-mart
 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;Wal-mart&amp;#x201d;) accounting for approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;19%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;18%
&lt;/div&gt; respectively
 of total revenues. In addition
 approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20%&lt;/div&gt; of the Company&amp;#x2019;s total revenues were derived from product sales to international customers
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;none&lt;/div&gt; of which individually accounted for more than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5%&lt;/div&gt; of total revenues. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; customers
 Costco and Wal-mart represented approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;18%
&lt;/div&gt; respectively

 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;sales to the Company&amp;#x2019;s top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; customers accounted for approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;48%&lt;/div&gt; of total revenue with the top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; customers from the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment
 Costco Corporation (&amp;#x201c;Costco&amp;#x201d;) and Wal-mart
 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;Wal-mart&amp;#x201d;) accounting for approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;16%
&lt;/div&gt; respectively
 of total revenues. In addition
 approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;21%&lt;/div&gt; of the Company&amp;#x2019;s total revenues were derived from product sales to international customers
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;none&lt;/div&gt; of which individually accounted for more than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5%&lt;/div&gt; of total revenues. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; customers
 Costco and Wal-mart represented approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;18%
&lt;/div&gt; respectively

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 &lt;/div&gt;the Company discontinued the Food Export business segment. As a result
 the Food Export business segment was reclassified as a discontinued operation under the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;205&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements - Discontinued Operations&lt;/div&gt; (ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;205&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20&lt;/div&gt;) and ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;360
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/div&gt; (ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;360&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). See &amp;#x2013; Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13,&lt;/div&gt; Discontinued Operations, for further information.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;During the fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;fourth&lt;/div&gt; quarter of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018,&lt;/div&gt; the Company purchased the remaining &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;40%&lt;/div&gt; non-controlling interest of its subsidiary, Apio Cooling, LP (&amp;#x201c;Apio Cooling&amp;#x201d;) and dissolved Apio Cooling. The increase in the Company&amp;#x2019;s ownership interest in Apio Cooling was accounted for as an equity transaction in accordance with ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;810&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;45&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;23.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;Arrangements that are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; controlled through voting or similar rights are reviewed under the guidance for variable interest entities (&amp;#x201c;VIEs&amp;#x201d;). A company is required to consolidate the assets, liabilities and operations of a VIE if it is determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;7.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Debt&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;Long-term debt consists of the following (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; text-indent: 0px; min-width: 700px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 27, 2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 28, 2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 70%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt; text-indent: -9pt;&gt;Term loan with JPMorgan Chase Bank (&amp;#x201c;JPMorgan&amp;#x201d;), BMO Harris Bank N,A. (&amp;#x201c;BMO&amp;#x201d;), and City National Bank (&amp;#x201c;CNB&amp;#x201d;); due in quarterly principal and interest payments of $1,250 beginning December 1, 2016 through September 23, 2021 with the remainder due on maturity, with interest based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s leverage ratio at a per annum rate of the Eurodollar rate plus a spread of between 1.25% and 2.25%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;42,500&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;47,500&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total principal amount of long-term debt&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;42,500&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;47,500&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Less: unamortized debt issuance costs&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(200&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(261&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px; nowrap=nowrap&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total long-term debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;42,300&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;47,239&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Less: current portion of long-term debt, net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(4,940&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(4,940&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px; nowrap=nowrap&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Long-term debt, net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;37,360&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;42,299&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The future minimum principal payments of the Company&amp;#x2019;s debt for each year presented are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; text-indent: 0px; min-width: 700px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;Term Loan&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 85%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Fiscal year 2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Fiscal year 2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Fiscal year 2021&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Fiscal year 2022&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;27,500&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Fiscal year 2023&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;42,500&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; September 23, 2016, &lt;/div&gt;the Company entered into a Credit Agreement with JPMorgan, BMO, and City National Bank, as lenders (collectively, the &amp;#x201c;Lenders&amp;#x201d;), and JPMorgan as administrative agent, pursuant to which the Lenders provided the Company with a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$100&lt;/div&gt; million revolving line of credit (the &amp;#x201c;Revolver&amp;#x201d;) and a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$50&lt;/div&gt; million term loan facility (the &amp;#x201c;Term Loan&amp;#x201d;), guaranteed by each of the Company&amp;#x2019;s direct and indirect subsidiaries and secured by substantially all of the Company&amp;#x2019;s assets, with the exception of the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment in Windset.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;Both the Revolver and the Term Loan mature in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; years (on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; September 23, 2021), &lt;/div&gt;with the Term Loan providing for quarterly principal payments of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.25&lt;/div&gt; million commencing &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 1, 2016, &lt;/div&gt;with the remainder due at maturity.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;Interest on both the Revolver and the Term Loan is based on either the prime rate or Eurodollar rate, at the Company&amp;#x2019;s discretion, plus a spread based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s leverage ratio (generally defined as the ratio of the Company&amp;#x2019;s total indebtedness on such date to the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (&amp;#x201c;EBITDA&amp;#x201d;) for the period of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;four&lt;/div&gt; consecutive fiscal quarters ended on or most recently prior to such date). The spread is at a per annum rate of (i) between &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.25%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.25%&lt;/div&gt; if the prime rate is elected or (ii) between &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.25%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2.25%&lt;/div&gt; if the Eurodollar rate is elected.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The Credit Agreement provides the Company the right to increase the Revolver commitments and/or the Term Loan commitments by obtaining additional commitments either from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; or more of the Lenders or another lending institution at an amount of up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$75&lt;/div&gt; million.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The Credit Agreement contains customary financial covenants and events of default under which the obligation could be accelerated and/or the interest rate increased. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27, 2018.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; November 1, 2016, &lt;/div&gt;the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement (&amp;#x201c;Swap&amp;#x201d;) with BMO at a notional amount of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$50&lt;/div&gt; million. The Swap has the effect of changing the Company&amp;#x2019;s Term Loan obligation from a variable interest rate to a fixed &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt;-day LIBOR rate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.22%.&lt;/div&gt; As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27, 2018, &lt;/div&gt;the interest rate on the Term Loan was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3.22%.&lt;/div&gt; For further discussion regarding the Company&amp;#x2019;s use of derivative instruments, see the Financial Instruments section of Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x2013; Organization, Basis of Presentation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;In connection with the Credit Agreement, the Company incurred in fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; lender and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt;-party debt issuance costs of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$897,000,&lt;/div&gt; of which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$598,000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$299,000&lt;/div&gt; was allocated to the Revolver and Term Loan, respectively. Amortization of loan origination fees for fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$181,000,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$142,000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$293,000,&lt;/div&gt; respectively.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;Concurrent with the close of the Credit Agreement, all of the proceeds of the Term Loan, and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.5&lt;/div&gt; million of the Revolver, was used by the Company to repay all then existing debt. Accordingly, the Company recognized a loss on debt refinancing of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.2&lt;/div&gt; million, which included &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$233,000&lt;/div&gt; of payments for early debt extinguishment penalties and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.0&lt;/div&gt; million from the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs on the Company&amp;#x2019;s then existing debt as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; September 23, 2016.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-left:7.5pt;margin-right:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:28.5pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Discontinued Operations&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;During the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;fourth&lt;/div&gt; quarter of fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018,&lt;/div&gt; the Company discontinued its Food Export business. As a result, the Company met the requirements of ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;205&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20&amp;cedil;&lt;/div&gt; to report the results of the Food Export segment as a discontinued operation and to classify the Food Export Segment as a group of assets and liabilities held for abandonment. The operating results for the Food Export business have therefore been reclassified as a discontinued operation.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The carrying amounts of the major classes of assets and liabilities of the Food Export business segment included in assets and liabilities of discontinued operations are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; text-indent: 0px; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-left:0pt;margin-right:0.8pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;Year Ended&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-left:0pt;margin-right:0.8pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 27, 2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-left:0pt;margin-right:0.8pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 28, 2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 70%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Current and other assets, discontinued operations:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(8&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(589&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;518&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,184&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Inventory&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,670&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Other assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;269&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total assets, discontinued operations&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;510&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,534&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other current liabilities, discontinued operations:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;230&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,341&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Accrued expenses and other current liabilities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;228&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;785&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total other current liabilities, discontinued operations&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;458&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,126&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;Once the Food Export business was discontinued, the operations associated with this business qualified for reporting as discontinued operations. Accordingly, the operating results, net of tax, from discontinued operations are presented separately in the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated statements of income (loss) and the notes to the consolidated financial statements have been adjusted to exclude the Food Export business segment. Components of amounts reflected in (loss) income from discontinued operations, net of tax are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; text-indent: 0px; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;Year Ended&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 27, 2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 28, 2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 29, 2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 55%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Revenues&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29,222&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;62,481&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;64,181&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(27,619&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(58,507&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(60,005&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Selling, general and administrative&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(2,522&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(3,137&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(3,334&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(269&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;(Loss) income from discontinued operations before taxes&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(1,188&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;837&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;842&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Income tax benefit (expense)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;350&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(295&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(300&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;(Loss) income from discontinued operations, net of tax&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(838&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;542&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;542&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Per Share Information&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;Accounting guidance requires the presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share. Basic earnings per share excludes any dilutive effects of options, warrants and convertible securities and is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution as if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. Diluted common equivalent shares consist of stock options and restricted stock units, calculated using the treasury stock method.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;The following table sets forth the computation of diluted net income (loss)&amp;nbsp;per share (in thousands, except per share amounts):&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; text-indent: 0px; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;Year Ended&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 27, 2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 28, 2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 29, 2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 55%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Numerator:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;24,829&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10,590&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(11,641&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Denominator:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Weighted average shares for basic net income (loss) per share&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;27,535&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;27,276&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;27,044&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Stock options and restricted stock units&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;380&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;376&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Weighted average shares for diluted net income (loss) per share&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;27,915&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;27,652&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;27,044&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Diluted net income (loss) per share&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.89&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.38&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(0.43&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;Options to purchase &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,495,380&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,428,272&lt;/div&gt; shares of Common Stock at a weighted average exercise price of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$13.80&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$13.58&lt;/div&gt; per share were outstanding during fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27, 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28, 2017, &lt;/div&gt;respectively, but were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; included in the computation of diluted net income per share because the options&amp;#x2019; exercise price were greater than the average market price of the Common Stock and, therefore, their inclusion would be antidilutive.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fair Value Measurements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The Company uses fair value measurement accounting for financial assets and liabilities and for financial instruments and certain other items measured at fair value. The Company has elected the fair value option for its investment in a non-public company. See Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x2013; Investment in Non-public Company for further information. The Company has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; elected the fair value option for any of its other eligible financial assets or liabilities.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The accounting guidance established a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt;-tier hierarchy for fair value measurements, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 36pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 45pt; vertical-align: top; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;margin-right:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x2013;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;margin-right:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;font-size:10pt;&gt;observable inputs such as quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-left:81pt;margin-right:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-45pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 36pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 45pt; vertical-align: top; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;margin-right:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x2013;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;margin-right:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;font-size:10pt;&gt;inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly through corroboration with observable market data.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-left:81pt;margin-right:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-45pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 36pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 45pt; vertical-align: top; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;margin-right:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x2013;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;margin-right:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;font-size:10pt;&gt;unobservable inputs in which there is little or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; market data, which would require the Company to develop its own assumptions.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27, 2018, &lt;/div&gt;the Company held certain assets and liabilities that were required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis, including its interest rate swap, its minority interest investment in Windset, and its contingent consideration liability from the purchase of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;O&lt;/div&gt;.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s interest rate swap is determined based on model inputs that can be observed in a liquid market, including yield curves, and is categorized as a Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt; fair value measurement and is included in other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The Company has elected the fair value option of accounting for its investment in Windset. The calculation of fair value utilizes significant unobservable inputs, including projected cash flows, growth rates, and discount rates. As a result, the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment in Windset is considered to be a Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; fair value measurement. The change in the fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment in Windset for the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;twelve&lt;/div&gt; months ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27, 2018 &lt;/div&gt;was due to the Company&amp;#x2019;s &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;26.9%&lt;/div&gt; minority interest in the change in the fair market value of Windset during the period. In determining the fair value of the investment in Windset, the Company utilizes the following significant unobservable inputs in the discounted cash flow models:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; text-indent: 0px; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 66%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 1%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:right;&gt;At May 27, 2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 1%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:right;&gt;At May 28, 2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 66%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Revenue growth rates&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 66%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Expense growth rates&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 66%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Income tax rates&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 66%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Discount rates&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The revenue growth, expense growth, and income tax rate assumptions are considered the Company's best estimate of the trends in those items over the discount period. The discount rate assumption takes into account the risk-free rate of return, the market equity risk premium, and the company&amp;#x2019;s specific risk premium and then applies an additional discount for lack of liquidity of the underlying securities.&amp;nbsp;The discounted cash flow valuation model used by the Company has the following sensitivity to changes in inputs and assumptions (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; text-indent: 0px; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 83%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 1%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:right;&gt;Impact on value of&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:right;&gt;Windset investment as&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:right;&gt;of May 27, 2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 83%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;10% increase in revenue growth rates&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;9,700&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 83%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;10% increase in expense growth rates&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(9,100&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 83%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;10% increase in income tax rates&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(500&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 83%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;10% increase in discount rates&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(4,300&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;Imprecision in estimating unobservable market inputs can affect the amount of gain or loss recorded for a particular position. The use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;The fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s contingent consideration liability from its purchase of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;O&lt;/div&gt; (see Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x2013; Acquisition of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;O&lt;/div&gt; for further information) is determined by utilizing significant unobservable inputs including projected earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (&amp;#x201c;EBITDA&amp;#x201d;), growth rates and discount rates. As a result, the Company&amp;#x2019;s contingent consideration liability is categorized as a Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; fair value measurement. In determining the fair value of the contingent consideration liability, the Company assumed EBITDA for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;O&lt;/div&gt; would be approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$6.4&lt;/div&gt; million over the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;-year earn-out period and applying a discount rate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;22.4%.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The following table summarizes the fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; text-indent: 0px; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;Fair Value at May 27, 2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;Fair Value at May 28, 2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 28%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Assets (liabilities):&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;Level 1&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; text-align: center;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; text-align: center;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;Level 2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; text-align: center;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; text-align: center;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;Level 3&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; text-align: center;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; text-align: center;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;Level 1&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; text-align: center;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; text-align: center;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;Level 2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; text-align: center;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; text-align: center;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;Level 3&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Interest rate swap (1)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,529&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;688&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Investment in non-public company&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;66,500&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;63,600&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Contingent consideration liability (2)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(4,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(5,900&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,529&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;62,500&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;688&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;57,700&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt; vertical-align: top; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;margin-right:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;font-size:10pt;&gt;(&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;margin-right:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;font-size:10pt;&gt;Included in Other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt; vertical-align: top; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;margin-right:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:left;margin-bottom:0pt;font-size:10pt;&gt;(&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s financial instruments are primarily composed of commercial-term trade payables, grower advances, notes receivable, debt instruments and derivative instruments. For short-term instruments, the historical carrying amount approximates the fair value of the instrument. The fair value of long-term debt and lines of credit approximates their carrying value.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Cash Flow Hedges&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement to manage interest rate risk. This derivative instrument &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;offset a portion of the changes in interest expense. The Company designates this derivative instrument as a cash flow hedge. The Company accounts for its derivative instrument as either an asset or a liability and carries it at fair value in Other assets or Other non-current liabilities. The accounting for changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument depends on the intended use of the derivative instrument and the resulting designation.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;For derivative instruments that hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that are designated as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (&amp;#x201c;AOCI&amp;#x201d;) in Stockholders&amp;#x2019; Equity and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument, if any, is recognized in earnings in the current period. To receive hedge accounting treatment, cash flow hedges must be highly effective in offsetting changes to expected future cash flows on hedged transactions.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-left:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;Comprehensive income consists of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; components, net income and Other Comprehensive Income (&amp;#x201c;OCI&amp;#x201d;). OCI refers to revenue, expenses, and gains and losses that under GAAP are recorded as a component of stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity but are excluded from net income. The Company&amp;#x2019;s OCI consists of net deferred gains and losses on its interest rate swap derivative instrument accounted for as a cash flow hedge. The components of AOCI, net of tax, are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-left:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; text-indent: 0px; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;Unrealized Gains on&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;Cash Flow Hedge&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 83%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt;&gt;Balance as of May 28, 2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;432&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other comprehensive income before reclassifications, net of tax effect&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;716&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Amounts reclassified from OCI&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other comprehensive income, net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;716&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Balance as of May 27, 2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,148&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-left:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The Company does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; expect any transactions or other events to occur that would result in the reclassification of any significant gains into earnings in the next &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12&lt;/div&gt; months.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:4.5pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Intangible Assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The carrying amount of goodwill as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27, 2018, &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28, 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29, 2016 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$35.4&lt;/div&gt; million for the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment, &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$13.9&lt;/div&gt; million for the Biomaterials segment, and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.2&lt;/div&gt; million for the Other segment.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;Other intangible assets consisted of the following (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-left:36pt;margin-right:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; text-indent: 0px; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;Trademarks and&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;Trade names&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;Customer&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;Relationships&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 55%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Balance as of May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;48,428&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;7,835&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;56,263&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Impairment during the period&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(34,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(34,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Amortization expense&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(867&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(867&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Balance as of May 29, 2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;14,428&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6,968&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;21,396&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Additions during the period&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,600&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;700&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,300&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Amortization expense&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(885&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(885&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Balance as of May 28, 2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;16,028&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6,783&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;22,811&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Amortization expense&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(969&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(969&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Balance as of May 27, 2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;16,028&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 0px 3px; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: medium double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px; border-bottom: medium double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5,814&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 0px 3px; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: medium double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px; border-bottom: medium double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;21,842&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Long-Lived Assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s Long-Lived Assets consist of property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets. Intangible assets are comprised of customer relationships with an estimated useful life of &amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;eleven&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;thirteen&lt;/div&gt; years (the &amp;#x201c;finite-lived intangible assets&amp;#x201d;) and trademarks/trade names and goodwill with indefinite lives (collectively, &amp;#x201c;the indefinite-lived intangible assets&amp;#x201d;), which the Company recognized (i) upon the acquisition of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;O&lt;/div&gt; in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 2017, (&lt;/div&gt;ii) upon the acquisition of GreenLine Holding Company (&amp;#x201c;GreenLine&amp;#x201d;) by Apio in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 2012, (&lt;/div&gt;iii) upon the acquisition of Lifecore in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 2010 &lt;/div&gt;and (iv) upon the acquisition of Apio in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 1999. &lt;/div&gt;Accounting guidance defines goodwill as &amp;#x201c;the excess of the cost of an acquired entity over the net of the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at date of acquisition.&amp;#x201d; All intangible assets, including goodwill, associated with the acquisition of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;O&lt;/div&gt; was allocated to the Other reporting unit, the acquisition of Lifecore was allocated to the Biomaterials reporting unit, and the acquisitions of Apio and GreenLine were allocated to the Packaged Fresh Vegetables reporting unit based&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt; &lt;/div&gt;upon the allocation of assets and liabilities acquired and consideration paid for each reporting unit. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27, 2018, &lt;/div&gt;the Other reporting unit had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.2&lt;/div&gt; million of goodwill, the Biomaterials reporting unit had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$13.9&lt;/div&gt; million of goodwill, and the Packaged Fresh Vegetables reporting unit had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$35.4&lt;/div&gt; million of goodwill.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;Property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate that the carrying amount of an asset (or asset group) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be recoverable. The Company&amp;#x2019;s impairment review requires significant management judgment including estimating the future success of product lines, future sales volumes, revenue and expense growth rates, alternative uses for the assets and estimated proceeds from the disposal of the assets. The Company conducts quarterly reviews of idle and underutilized equipment, and reviews business plans for possible impairment indicators. Impairment is indicated when the carrying amount of the asset (or asset group) exceeds its estimated future undiscounted cash flows and the impairment is viewed as other than temporary. When impairment is indicated, an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between the asset&amp;#x2019;s book value and its estimated fair value. Depending on the asset, estimated fair value &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be determined either by use of a discounted cash flow model or by reference to estimated selling values of assets in similar condition. The use of different assumptions would increase or decrease the estimated fair value of assets and would increase or decrease any impairment measurement.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The Company tests its indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually, in accordance with accounting guidance. For all indefinite-lived assets, including goodwill, the Company performs a qualitative analysis in accordance with ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;350&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;35.&lt;/div&gt; Application of the impairment tests for indefinite-lived intangible assets requires significant judgment by management, including identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of intangible assets to reporting units, which judgments are inherently uncertain.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;During fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017,&lt;/div&gt; there were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; impairments of intangible assets.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;On a quarterly basis, the Company considers the need to update its most recent annual tests for possible impairment of its indefinite-lived intangible assets, based on management&amp;#x2019;s assessment of changes in its business and other economic factors since the most recent annual evaluation. Such changes, if significant or material, could indicate a need to update the most recent annual tests for impairment of the indefinite-lived intangible assets during the current period. The results of these tests could lead to write-downs of the carrying values of these assets in the current period.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;In the annual impairment test, the Company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. In assessing the qualitative factors, management considers the impact of these key factors: macro-economic conditions, industry and market environment, cost factors, overall financial performance of the Company, cash flow from operating activities, market capitalization, litigation, and stock price. If management determines as a result of the qualitative assessment that it is more likely than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; (that is, a likelihood of more than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50&lt;/div&gt; percent) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the quantitative test is required. Otherwise, &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; further testing is required.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;If a quantitative test is required, the Company would compare the carrying amount of a reporting unit that includes goodwill to its fair value. The Company determines the fair value using both an income approach and a market approach. Under the income approach, fair value is determined based on estimated future cash flows, discounted by an estimated weighted-average cost of capital, which reflects the overall level of inherent risk of the Company and the rate of return an outside investor would expect to earn. Under the market-based approach, information regarding the Company is utilized as well as publicly available industry information to determine earnings multiples that are used to value the Company. A goodwill impairment loss is recognized for the amount that the carrying amount of a reporting unit, including goodwill, exceeds its fair value, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;8.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;U.S Tax Reform Impact&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 22, 2017, &lt;/div&gt;the U.S. Government enacted the reconciled tax reform bill, commonly known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; (the &amp;#x201c;TCJA&amp;#x201d;), which became effective on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 1, 2018. &lt;/div&gt;The TCJA makes broad changes to the U.S. tax code including, but &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; limited to, reducing the Company&amp;#x2019;s federal statutory tax rate from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;35%,&lt;/div&gt; to an average rate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29.35%&lt;/div&gt; for the fiscal year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27, 2018, &lt;/div&gt;and then &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;21%&lt;/div&gt; for fiscal years thereafter; requiring companies to pay a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt;-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries; generally eliminating U.S. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; requiring a current inclusion in U.S. federal taxable income of certain earnings of controlled foreign corporations' creating a global intangibles low-taxed income inclusion (GILTI) and the base erosion anti-abuse tax (BEAT), a new minimum tax. The TCJA also enhances and extends through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2026&lt;/div&gt; the option to claim accelerated depreciation deductions on qualified property&amp;#x37e; however, the domestic manufacturing deduction, from which the Company has historically benefitted, has been eliminated.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 22, 2017, &lt;/div&gt;SAB &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;118&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;was issued to address the application of GAAP in situations when a registrant does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; have the necessary information available, prepared, or analyzed in reasonable detail to complete its accounting for certain income tax effects of the TCJA. Pursuant to SAB &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;118,&lt;/div&gt; as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27, 2018, &lt;/div&gt;the Company had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; yet completed its accounting for the tax effects of the enactment of the TCJA. The Company&amp;#x2019;s provision for income taxes for the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27, 2018 &lt;/div&gt;is based in part on its best estimate of the effects of the transition tax and existing deferred tax balances with its understanding of the TCJA and guidance available as of the date of this filing. For the amounts which were reasonably estimable, we recognized a provisional remeasurement of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$16.2&lt;/div&gt; million of certain deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the rates at which they are expected to reverse in the future. The provisional amount related to the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt;-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings was an expense of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.8&lt;/div&gt; million. We are still analyzing certain aspects of the TCJA and refining the estimate of the expected reversal of our deferred tax balance. This can potentially affect the measurement of these balances or potentially give rise to new deferred tax amounts.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The (benefit) provision for income taxes from continuing operations consisted of the following (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; text-indent: 0px; min-width: 700px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;Year Ended&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 27, 2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 28, 2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 29, 2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 55%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Current:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(2,854&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,388&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,085&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;State&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;60&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;39&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(96&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;Foreign&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;83&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;82&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;83&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(2,711&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,509&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,072&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Deferred:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(7,122&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,270&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(9,165&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;State&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;470&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;261&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(611&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(6,652&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,531&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(9,776&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Income tax (benefit) expense&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(9,363&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4,040&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(7,704&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The actual provision for income taxes from continuing operations differs from the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; text-indent: 0px; min-width: 700px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;Year Ended&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 27, 2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 28, 2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 29, 2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 55%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Tax at U.S. statutory rate (1)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4,784&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4,922&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(6,963&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;State income taxes, net of federal benefit&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;439&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;307&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(518&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Tax reform&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(14,350&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(176&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;85&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Tax credit carryforwards&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(777&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(834&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(156&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other compensation-related activity&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;566&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(365&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;173&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Domestic manufacturing deduction&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(243&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(307&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;151&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;168&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;61&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Income tax (benefit) expense&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(9,363&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4,040&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(7,704&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;(&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;)&amp;nbsp;Statutory rate was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29.35%&lt;/div&gt; for fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;35%&lt;/div&gt; for fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The decrease in the income tax expense for fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; was primarily due to the TCJA such as the statutory rate change for federal and state, and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt;-time transition tax on the repatriation of foreign earnings. Additionally, the effective tax rate for fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; decreased from expense of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29%&lt;/div&gt; to a benefit of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;64%&lt;/div&gt; in comparison to fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;Significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities reported in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets consisted of the following (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; text-indent: 0px; min-width: 700px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-left:0pt;margin-right:0.8pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;Year Ended&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-left:0pt;margin-right:0.8pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 27, 2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-left:0pt;margin-right:0.8pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 28, 2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 70%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Accruals and reserves&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,421&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3,242&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,955&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,766&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,247&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,032&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Research and AMT credit carryforwards&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,032&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,050&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;427&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;661&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Gross deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;7,082&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;9,751&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(1,337&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(1,325&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px; nowrap=nowrap&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5,745&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;8,426&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Basis difference in investment in non-public company&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(3,722&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(11,495&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Goodwill and other indefinite life intangibles&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(8,201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(11,119&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(11,307&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(10,393&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px; nowrap=nowrap&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(23,230&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(33,007&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px; nowrap=nowrap&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(17,485&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(24,581&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px; nowrap=nowrap&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The effective tax rates for fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; differ from the blended statutory federal income tax rate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29.35%&lt;/div&gt; as a result of several factors, including change in ending federal and state deferred blended rate, &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt;-time transition tax due to the repatriation of foreign earnings, the change in valuation allowance, limitation of deductibility of executive compensation, and the benefit of federal and state research and development credits. The effective tax rates for fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; differ from the statutory federal income tax rate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;35%&lt;/div&gt; as a result of several factors, including non-deductible stock-based compensation expense, disqualified dispositions of incentive stock options, excess equity compensation benefits from the adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09,&lt;/div&gt; domestic manufacturing deduction, the benefit of federal and state research and development credits, the change in valuation allowance, all of which is partially offset by state taxes. The effective tax rates for fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; differ from the statutory federal income tax rate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;35%&lt;/div&gt; as a result of several factors, including state taxes, non-deductible stock-based compensation expense, disqualified dispositions of incentive stock options, domestic manufacturing deduction, &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;162m&lt;/div&gt; limitation, the benefit of federal and state research and development credits and the change in valuation allowance.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-left:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:37.5pt;&gt;During&amp;nbsp;the&amp;nbsp;fiscal year ended&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27,&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018,&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;excess&amp;nbsp;tax&amp;nbsp;deficits&amp;nbsp;related&amp;nbsp;to&amp;nbsp;stock-based&amp;nbsp;compensation&amp;nbsp;of&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$38,000&lt;/div&gt; were&amp;nbsp;reflected&amp;nbsp;in&amp;nbsp;the&amp;nbsp;consolidated statements of&amp;nbsp;income (loss) as&amp;nbsp;a&amp;nbsp;component&amp;nbsp;of&amp;nbsp;income tax&amp;nbsp;expense&amp;nbsp;as&amp;nbsp;a result&amp;nbsp;of&amp;nbsp;the adoption of&amp;nbsp;ASU&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09,&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;specifically related to&amp;nbsp;the prospective&amp;nbsp;application&amp;nbsp;of excess tax&amp;nbsp;deficits&amp;nbsp;and tax deficiencies&amp;nbsp;related to stock-based&amp;nbsp;compensation.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:45pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The Company elected to early adopt the new guidance of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2013; Stock Compensation (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;718&lt;/div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;:&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt; Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payments Accounting&lt;/div&gt;, in the quarter beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 30, 2016. &lt;/div&gt;Accordingly the primary effects of the adoption are as follows: (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;) using a modified retrospective application, the Company recorded unrecognized excess tax benefits of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$549,000&lt;/div&gt; as a cumulative-effect adjustment, which increased retained earnings, and reduced deferred taxes by the same, (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;) using a modified retrospective application, the Company has elected to recognize forfeitures as they occur and recorded a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$200,000&lt;/div&gt; increase to additional paid in capital, a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$126,000&lt;/div&gt; reduction to retained earnings, and a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$74,000&lt;/div&gt; reduction to deferred taxes to reflect the incremental stock-based compensation expense, net of the related tax impacts, that would have been recognized in prior years under the modified guidance, and (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$150,000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$463,000&lt;/div&gt; in excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation was reclassified from cash flows from financing activities to cash flows from operating activities for the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29, 2016 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31, 2015, &lt;/div&gt;respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:45pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27, 2018, &lt;/div&gt;the Company had federal, Indiana, and other state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$7.1&lt;/div&gt; million, &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.6&lt;/div&gt; million, and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3.1&lt;/div&gt; million, respectively. These losses expire in different periods through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2032,&lt;/div&gt; if &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; utilized. The Company acquired additional net operating losses through the acquisition of GreenLine. Utilization of these acquired net operating losses in a specific year is limited due to the &amp;#x201c;change in ownership&amp;#x201d; provision of the Internal Revenue Code of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1986&lt;/div&gt; and similar state provisions. The net operating losses presented above for federal and state purposes are net of any such limitation.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;text-indent:65.1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The Company has federal,&amp;nbsp;California, and Minnesota research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.4&lt;/div&gt; million, &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.5&lt;/div&gt; million, and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.7&lt;/div&gt; million, respectively. The research and development tax credit carryforwards have an unlimited carryforward period for state purposes and a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20&lt;/div&gt;-year carryforward for federal purposes.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:45pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;Valuation allowances are reviewed each period on a tax jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis to analyze whether there is sufficient positive or negative evidence to support a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax assets. Based on this analysis and considering all positive and negative evidence, the Company determined that a valuation allowance of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.3&lt;/div&gt; million should be recorded as a result of uncertainty around the utilization of certain state net operating losses and a book impairment loss on the Company's investment in Aesthetic Sciences as it is more likely than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; that a portion of the deferred tax asset will &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be realized in the foreseeable future. The valuation allowance increased by an immaterial amount from the prior year primarily due to uncertainty around the utilization of certain state net operating losses and credits.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:45pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&amp;#x2019;s financial statements prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return, and the derecognition of tax benefits, classification on the balance sheet, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; text-indent: 0px; min-width: 700px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;As of&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 27, 2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 28, 2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 29, 2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 55%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits &amp;#x2013; beginning of the period&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;537&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;842&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;987&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Gross increases &amp;#x2013; tax positions in prior period&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;21&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;11&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Gross decreases &amp;#x2013; tax positions in prior period&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(90&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(223&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Gross increases &amp;#x2013; current-period tax positions&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;116&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;93&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;77&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Settlements&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(95&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(100&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(319&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px; nowrap=nowrap&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits &amp;#x2013; end of the period&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;479&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;537&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;842&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27, 2018, &lt;/div&gt;the total amount of net unrecognized tax benefits is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$479,000,&lt;/div&gt; of which, &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$372,000,&lt;/div&gt; if recognized, would change the effective tax rate. The Company accrues interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in its provision for income taxes. The total amount of penalties and interest is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; material as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27, 2018. &lt;/div&gt;Additionally, the Company expects its unrecognized tax benefits to decrease by approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$25,000&lt;/div&gt; within the next &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12&lt;/div&gt; months.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with accounting guidance which requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be recognized using enacted tax rates for the effect of temporary differences between the book and tax basis of recorded assets and liabilities. The Company maintains valuation allowances when it is likely that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be realized. Changes in valuation allowances from period to period are included in the Company&amp;#x2019;s income tax provision in the period of change. In determining whether a valuation allowance is warranted, the Company takes into account such factors as prior earnings history, expected future earnings, unsettled circumstances that, if unfavorably resolved, would adversely affect utilization of a deferred tax asset, carryback and carryforward periods, and tax strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of realization of a deferred tax asset. At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27, 2018, &lt;/div&gt;the Company had a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.3&lt;/div&gt; million valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= background-color:#FFFFFF;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;In addition to valuation allowances, the Company establishes accruals for uncertain tax positions. The tax-contingency accruals are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, case law and emerging legislation. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. The Company&amp;#x2019;s effective tax rate includes the impact of tax-contingency accruals as considered appropriate by management.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= background-color:#FFFFFF;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= background-color:#FFFFFF;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Inventories&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (using the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt;-in, &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt;-out method) or net realizable value. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27, 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28, 2017 &lt;/div&gt;inventories consisted of (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; text-indent: 0px; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;Year Ended&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 27, 2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:center;&gt;May 28, 2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 70%;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12,861&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10,015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,286&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10,158&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Work in progress&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3,672&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3,447&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Total inventories&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,819&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;23,620&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Investment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt; in Non-public C&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;ompan&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;y&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Windset&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 15, 2011,&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;Apio entered into a share&amp;nbsp;purchase agreement (the &amp;#x201c;Windset Purchase Agreement&amp;#x201d;)&amp;nbsp;with Windset. Pursuant to the Windset Purchase Agreement, Apio purchased from Windset &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;150,000&lt;/div&gt; Senior A preferred shares for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$15&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;201&lt;/div&gt; common shares for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$201.&lt;/div&gt; On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; July 15, 2014, &lt;/div&gt;Apio increased its investment in Windset by purchasing from the Newell Capital Corporation an additional &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;68&lt;/div&gt; common shares and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;51,211&lt;/div&gt; junior preferred shares of Windset for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$11&lt;/div&gt; million. After this purchase, the Company&amp;#x2019;s common shares represent a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;26.9%&lt;/div&gt; ownership interest in Windset. The Senior A preferred&amp;nbsp;shares yield a cash dividend of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;7.5%&lt;/div&gt; annually. The dividend is payable within &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;90&lt;/div&gt; days of each anniversary of the execution of the Windset Purchase Agreement. The non-voting junior preferred stock does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; yield a dividend unless declared by the Board of Directors of Windset and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; such dividend has been declared. Under the terms of the arrangement with Windset, the Company is entitled to designate &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; members on the Board of Directors of Windset.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October 29, 2014, &lt;/div&gt;Apio further increased its investment in Windset by purchasing &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;70,000&lt;/div&gt; shares of Senior B preferred shares for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$7&lt;/div&gt; million. The Senior B preferred shares pay an annual dividend of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;7.5%&lt;/div&gt; on the amount outstanding at each anniversary date of the Windset Purchase Agreement. The Senior B preferred shares purchased by Apio have a put feature whereby Apio can sell back to Windset &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.5&lt;/div&gt; million of shares on the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; anniversary, an additional &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.75&lt;/div&gt; million of shares on the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;second&lt;/div&gt; anniversary, and the remaining &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.75&lt;/div&gt; million on the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt; anniversary. After the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt; anniversary, Apio &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;at any time put any or all of the shares &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; previously sold back to Windset.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The original Shareholders&amp;#x2019; Agreement between Apio and Windset included a put and call option (the &amp;#x201c;Put and Call Option&amp;#x201d;), which could be exercised on or after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 15, 2017 &lt;/div&gt;whereby Apio could have exercised the put to sell its common, Senior A preferred shares, and junior preferred shares to Windset, or Windset could have exercised the call to purchase those shares from Apio, in either case, at a price equal to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;26.9%&lt;/div&gt; of the fair market value of Windset&amp;#x2019;s common shares, plus the liquidation value of the preferred shares of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$20.1&lt;/div&gt; million (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$15&lt;/div&gt; million for the Senior A preferred shares and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.1&lt;/div&gt; million for the junior preferred shares). On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 15, 2017, &lt;/div&gt;the Company and Windset amended the Shareholders&amp;#x2019; Agreement by extending the terms of the original Put and Call Option to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31, 2022.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The investment in Windset does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; qualify for equity method accounting as the investment does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; meet the criteria of in-substance common stock due to returns through the annual dividend on the non-voting senior preferred shares that are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; available to the common stock holders. As the Put and Call option requires all of the various shares to be put or called in equal proportions, the Company has deemed that the investment, in substance, should be treated as a single security for purposes of accounting.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment in Windset was determined utilizing the Windset Purchase Agreement&amp;#x2019;s Put and Call Option calculation for value and a discounted cash flow model based on projections developed by Windset, and considers the put and call conversion options. These features impact the duration of the cash flows utilized to derive the estimated fair values of the investment. These &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; discounted cash flow models are then weighted. Assumptions included in these discounted cash flow models will be evaluated quarterly based on Windset&amp;#x2019;s actual and projected operating results to determine the change in fair value.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The Company recorded &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.7&lt;/div&gt; million, &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.7&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.7&lt;/div&gt; million in dividend income for the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27, 2018, &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28, 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29, 2016, &lt;/div&gt;respectively. The increase in the fair market value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment in Windset for the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27, 2018, &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28, 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29, 2016 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.9&lt;/div&gt; million, &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$900,000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.2&lt;/div&gt; million, respectively, and is included in other income in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss).&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= background-color:#FFFFFF;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The Company also entered into an exclusive license agreement with Windset, which was executed in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; June 2010, &lt;/div&gt;prior to contemplation of Apio&amp;#x2019;s investment in Windset.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; text-decoration: underline;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Recently Adopted Pronouncements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 7.5pt;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt;&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 22, 2017, &lt;/div&gt;Staff Accounting Bulletin &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;118&lt;/div&gt; (&amp;#x201c;SAB &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;118&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;) was issued to address the application of GAAP in situations when a registrant does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; have the necessary information available, prepared, or analyzed in reasonable detail to complete its accounting for certain income tax effects of the TCJA. Pursuant to SAB &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;118,&lt;/div&gt; as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27, 2018, &lt;/div&gt;the Company had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; yet completed its accounting for the tax effects of the enactment of the TCJA. The Company&amp;#x2019;s provision for income taxes for the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27, 2018 &lt;/div&gt;is based in part on its best estimate of the effects of the transition tax and existing deferred tax balances with its understanding of the TCJA and guidance available as of the date of this filing. The Company is still analyzing certain aspects of the TCJA and refining the estimate of the expected reversal of our deferred tax balance. This can potentially affect the measurement of these balances or potentially give rise to new deferred tax amounts. The Company adopted the provisions of SAB &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;118&lt;/div&gt; in the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt; quarter of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Recently Issued Pronouncements to be Adopted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 7.5pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 7.5pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt;&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014,&lt;/div&gt; the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#x201c;FASB&amp;#x201d;) issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09,&lt;/div&gt; which creates FASB ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;, Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/div&gt; and supersedes ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;605,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/div&gt; (&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). The guidance replaces industry-specific guidance and establishes a single &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt;-step model to identify and recognize revenue. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue upon transfer of control of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Additionally, the guidance requires the entity to disclose further quantitative and qualitative information regarding the nature and amount of revenues arising from contracts with customers, as well as other information about the significant judgments and estimates used in recognizing revenues from contracts with customers. &amp;nbsp;Since its original issuance, the FASB has issued several additional related ASUs to address implementation concerns and to further clarify certain guidance within ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09.&lt;/div&gt; The Company will adopt these updates beginning with the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; quarter of fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; and anticipates doing so using the modified retrospective method, which would require a cumulative effect adjustment of initially applying ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&lt;/div&gt; recognized at the date or initial application.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt;&gt;The Company recently completed its evaluation of the impact of the adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09.&lt;/div&gt; As a result, the Company has identified the following core revenue streams from its contracts with customers:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 15pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 36pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#x25cf;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Finished goods product sales (Packaged Fresh Vegetables);&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 36pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#x25cf;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Shipping and handling (Packaged Fresh Vegetables);&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 36pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#x25cf;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Product development and contract manufacturing arrangements (Biomaterials).&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 15pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s assessment efforts have included reviewing current accounting policies, processes, and systems requirements, as well assigning internal resources and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt;-party consultants to assist in the process. Based upon the Company&amp;#x2019;s assessment, certain contract manufacturing arrangements within its Biomaterials segment contain termination provisions that, upon final assessment and adoption, &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;impact the timing of revenue recognition. Additionally, the Company has reviewed historical contracts and other arrangements to identify potential differences that could arise from the adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09.&lt;/div&gt; Beyond its core revenue streams, and the items listed above, the Company has also evaluated the impact of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&lt;/div&gt; on certain ancillary transactions and other arrangements.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 15pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt;&gt;As a result of its assessment efforts, the Company does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; currently anticipate any material changes to its processes, financial condition, or results of operations upon adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09.&lt;/div&gt; The Company continues to assess the impact of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09,&lt;/div&gt; along with industry trends and additional interpretive guidance, on its core revenue streams, and as a result of the continued assessment, the Company &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;modify its plan to adoption accordingly.&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 15pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Leases&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 7.5pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt;&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 2016, &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Leases (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;842&lt;/div&gt;) &lt;/div&gt;(&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;), which requires companies to generally recognize on the balance sheet operating and financing lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use-assets. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; also requires improved disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. &amp;nbsp;The Company will adopt ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; beginning in the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; quarter of fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; on a modified retrospective basis.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt;&gt;The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact that ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; will have upon its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. The Company&amp;#x2019;s assessment efforts to date have included:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 7.5pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 36pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#x25cf;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Reviewing the provisions of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 36pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#x25cf;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Gathering information to evaluate its lease population and portfolio;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 36pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#x25cf;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Evaluating the nature of its real and personal property and other arrangements that &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;meet the definition of a lease; and&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 36pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#x25cf;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Systems&amp;#x2019; readiness evaluations.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;As a result of these efforts, the Company currently anticipates that the adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; will have a significant impact on its long-term assets and liabilities, as, at a minimum, virtually all of its leases designated as operating leases in Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;9&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x2013; Commitments and Contingencies, are expected to be reported on the consolidated balance sheets. The pattern of recognition for operating leases within the consolidated statements of comprehensive income is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; anticipated to significantly change. This change will have &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; impact on the Company&amp;#x2019;s ability to meet its loan covenants as the impact from the adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; was taken into consideration when determining its loan covenants.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 7.5pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt;&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 2018, &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income &lt;/div&gt;that permits a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 2017. &lt;/div&gt;The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 15, 2018. &lt;/div&gt;Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 7.5pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Hedging&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 7.5pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt;&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; August 2017, &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12,&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;(ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12&lt;/div&gt;), which amends the presentation and disclosure requirements and changes how companies assess effectiveness. The amendments are intended to more closely align hedge accounting with companies&amp;#x2019; risk management strategies, simplify the application of hedge accounting, and increase transparency as to the scope and results of hedging programs. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12&lt;/div&gt; is effective for annual periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 15, 2018, &lt;/div&gt;including interim periods within those periods. Early application is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the future impact of this update on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 7.5pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Financial Instruments &amp;#x2013; Credit Losses&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 7.5pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Organization, Basis of Presentation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Organization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt;&gt;Landec Corporation and its subsidiaries (&amp;#x201c;Landec&amp;#x201d; or the &amp;#x201c;Company&amp;#x201d;) design, develop, manufacture, and sell differentiated health and wellness products for food and biomaterials markets, and license technology applications to partners. The Company has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; proprietary polymer technology platforms: &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;) Intelimer&amp;reg; polymers, and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;) hyaluronan (&amp;#x201c;HA&amp;#x201d;) biopolymers. The Company sells specialty packaged branded Eat Smart&amp;reg; and GreenLine&amp;reg; and private label fresh-cut vegetables and whole produce to retailers, club stores, and foodservice operators, primarily in the United States, Canada, and Asia through its Apio, Inc. (&amp;#x201c;Apio&amp;#x201d;) subsidiary, and sells HA-based and non-HA biomaterials through its Lifecore Biomedical, Inc. (&amp;#x201c;Lifecore&amp;#x201d;) subsidiary. The Company&amp;#x2019;s HA biopolymers and non-HA materials are proprietary in that they are specially formulated for specific customers to meet strict regulatory requirements. The Company also sells specialty olive oils and wine vinegars in the natural food, conventional grocery and mass retail stores primarily in the United States and Canada through its O Olive and Vinegar&amp;reg; brand. The Company&amp;#x2019;s technologies, along with its customer relationships and trade names, are the foundation, and a key differentiating advantage upon which Landec has built its business.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 7.5pt;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt; and Consolidation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;The consolidated financial statements are presented on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (&amp;#x201c;GAAP&amp;#x201d;) and include the accounts of Landec Corporation and its subsidiaries, Apio and Lifecore. All material inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt;&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 2018, &lt;/div&gt;the Company discontinued the Food Export business segment. As a result, the Food Export business segment was reclassified as a discontinued operation under the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;205&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements - Discontinued Operations&lt;/div&gt; (ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;205&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20&lt;/div&gt;) and ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;360,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Property, Plant and Equipment&lt;/div&gt; (ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;360&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). See &amp;#x2013; Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13
&lt;/div&gt; Discontinued Operations

&lt;/div&gt; the Company purchased the remaining &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;40%&lt;/div&gt; non-controlling interest of its subsidiary
 Apio Cooling


 if by design: a) the total equity investment at risk is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support provided by any parties
 including equity holders or b) as a group the holders of the equity investment at risk lack any &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; of the following &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; characteristics: (i)&amp;nbsp;the power
 through voting rights or similar rights to direct the activities of an entity that most significantly impact the entity&amp;#x2019;s economic performance
 (ii)&amp;nbsp;the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity

 marketable securities
 trade accounts receivable
 grower advances and notes receivable are financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk. Our Company policy limits
 among other things
 the amount of credit exposure to any &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; issuer and to any &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; type of investment
 other than securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government. The Company routinely assesses the financial strength of customers and growers and
 as a consequence
 believes that trade receivables

 including some monomers used to synthesize Intelimer polymers

 in which the Company holds a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;26.9%&lt;/div&gt; minority investment
 are predominantly located in British Columbia
 Canada and Santa Maria
 California. Routinely

 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;sales to the Company&amp;#x2019;s top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; customers accounted for approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;49%&lt;/div&gt; of total revenue with the top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; customers from the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment
 Costco Corporation (&amp;#x201c;Costco&amp;#x201d;) and Wal-mart
 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;Wal-mart&amp;#x201d;) accounting for approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;19%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;18%
&lt;/div&gt; respectively
 of total revenues. In addition
 approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20%&lt;/div&gt; of the Company&amp;#x2019;s total revenues were derived from product sales to international customers
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;none&lt;/div&gt; of which individually accounted for more than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5%&lt;/div&gt; of total revenues. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; customers
 Costco and Wal-mart represented approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;18%
&lt;/div&gt; respectively

 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;sales to the Company&amp;#x2019;s top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; customers accounted for approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;48%&lt;/div&gt; of total revenue with the top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; customers from the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment
 Costco Corporation (&amp;#x201c;Costco&amp;#x201d;) and Wal-mart
 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;Wal-mart&amp;#x201d;) accounting for approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;16%
&lt;/div&gt; respectively
 of total revenues. In addition
 approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;21%&lt;/div&gt; of the Company&amp;#x2019;s total revenues were derived from product sales to international customers
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;none&lt;/div&gt; of which individually accounted for more than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5%&lt;/div&gt; of total revenues. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; customers
 Costco and Wal-mart represented approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;18%
&lt;/div&gt; respectively


 grower advances
 notes receivable
 debt instruments and derivative instruments. For short-term instruments

 the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (&amp;#x201c;AOCI&amp;#x201d;) in Stockholders&amp;#x2019; Equity and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument
 if any
 is recognized in earnings in the current period. To receive hedge accounting treatment

 net income and Other Comprehensive Income (&amp;#x201c;OCI&amp;#x201d;). OCI refers to revenue
 expenses
 and gains and losses that under GAAP are recorded as a component of stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity but are excluded from net income. The Company&amp;#x2019;s OCI consists of net deferred gains and losses on its interest rate swap derivative instrument accounted for as a cash flow hedge. The components of AOCI
 net of tax






 management believes the fair market values of the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial instruments are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; significantly different from their recorded amounts as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28

 on a periodic basis





 title has transferred
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Allowances are established for estimated uncollectible amounts
 product returns

 and therefore

 LP
 a vegetable cooling operation in which Apio was the general partner with a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;60%&lt;/div&gt; ownership position. On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 26
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company purchased the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;40%&lt;/div&gt; non-controlling interest of the limited partners
 thus dissolving Apio Cooling
 LP. See the non-controlling interest discussion further in this note for more details. Additionally

 Cal-Ex Trading Company (&amp;#x201c;Cal-Ex&amp;#x201d;). As most Cal-Ex customers are in countries outside of the U.S.
 title transfers and revenue is generally recognized upon arrival of the shipment in the foreign port. Apio records revenue equal to the sale price to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt; parties because it takes title to the product while in transit. The Company discontinued its Food Export business segment. As a result
 the Company met the requirements of ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;205&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20&lt;/div&gt; and ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;360&lt;/div&gt; to report the results of the Food Export business segment as discontinued operations. The operating results for the Food Export business segment
 in all periods presented

 which represented approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;60%&lt;/div&gt; of Lifecore&amp;#x2019;s revenues in fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;) Orthopedic
 which represented approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10%&lt;/div&gt; of Lifecore&amp;#x2019;s revenues in fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; and (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;) Other/Non-HA products

 a portion of which are included in all &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; medical areas

 based on the performance requirements of the contract. Non-refundable contract fees for which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; further performance obligations exist
 and there is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; continuing involvement by the Company

 the Company splits the arrangement into separate units of accounting if the individually delivered elements have value to the customer on a standalone basis. The Company also evaluates whether multiple transactions with the same customer or related party should be considered part of a multiple element arrangement
 whereby the Company assesses
 among other factors
 whether the contracts or agreements are negotiated or executed within a short time frame of each other or if there are indicators that the contracts are negotiated in contemplation of each other. The Company then allocates revenue to each element based on a selling price hierarchy. The relative selling price for a deliverable is based on its vendor-specific objective evidence (&amp;#x201c;VSOE&amp;#x201d;)
 if available
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt;-party evidence (&amp;#x201c;TPE&amp;#x201d;)
 if VSOE is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; available
 or estimated selling price
 if neither VSOE nor TPE is available. The Company then recognizes revenue on each deliverable in accordance with its policies for product and service revenue recognition. The Company is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; typically able to determine VSOE or TPE
 and therefore

 and for an arrangement that includes a general right of return relative to the delivered products or services
 delivery or performance of the undelivered product or service is considered probable and is substantially controlled by the Company. The Company considers a deliverable to have stand-alone value if the product or service is sold separately by the Company or another vendor or could be resold by the customer. Further
 the revenue arrangements generally do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; include a general right of return relative to delivered products. Where the aforementioned criteria for a separate unit of accounting are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; met
 the deliverable is combined with the undelivered element(s) and treated as a single unit of accounting for the purposes of allocation of the arrangement consideration and revenue recognition. The Company allocates the total arrangement consideration to each separable element of an arrangement based upon the relative selling price of each element. Allocation of the consideration is determined at arrangement inception on the basis of each unit&amp;#x2019;s relative selling price. In instances where the Company has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; established fair value for any undelivered element

 the initial license fees are deferred and amortized to revenue over the period of the agreement when a contract exists
 the fee is fixed and determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Noncancellable
 nonrefundable license fees are recognized over the period of the agreement

 the Company offers customers sales incentives

















 cash equivalents











 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt;-out method) or net realizable value. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28












&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.4&lt;/div&gt; million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.9&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.1&lt;/div&gt; million

 evidenced by contracts and notes receivable. These notes and advances receivable are secured by perfected liens on crops
 have terms that range from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;nine&lt;/div&gt; months
 and are reviewed at least quarterly for collectability. A reserve is established for any note or advance deemed to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be fully collectible based upon an estimate of the crop value or the fair value of the security for the note or advance. Notes or advances outstanding at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.7&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.0&lt;/div&gt; million

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the Company recognized revenues of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$556
000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$514
000
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$666
000
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. These amounts have been included in product sales in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss)
 from the sale of products to and license fees from Windset. The related receivable balances of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$334
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$388
000&lt;/div&gt; from Windset are included in accounts receivable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017

 unrelated to the revenue transactions above
 the Company purchases produce from Windset for sale to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt; parties. During fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the Company recognized cost of product sales of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$22
000
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$32
000
&lt;/div&gt; respectively
 in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss)
 from the sale of products purchased from Windset. The related accounts payable of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$22
000&lt;/div&gt; to Windset are included in accounts payable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017

 generally &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;forty&lt;/div&gt; years for buildings and leasehold improvements and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;twenty&lt;/div&gt; years for furniture and fixtures
 computers
 capitalized software
 capitalized leases
 machinery

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the Company capitalized &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$918
000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.2&lt;/div&gt; million
 and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$174
000&lt;/div&gt; in software development costs

 plant and equipment
 and intangible assets. Intangible assets are comprised of customer relationships with an estimated useful life of &amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;eleven&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;thirteen&lt;/div&gt; years (the &amp;#x201c;finite-lived intangible assets&amp;#x201d;) and trademarks/trade names and goodwill with indefinite lives (collectively
 &amp;#x201c;the indefinite-lived intangible assets&amp;#x201d;)
 which the Company recognized (i) upon the acquisition of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;O&lt;/div&gt; in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 2017
 (&lt;/div&gt;ii) upon the acquisition of GreenLine Holding Company (&amp;#x201c;GreenLine&amp;#x201d;) by Apio in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 2012
 (&lt;/div&gt;iii) upon the acquisition of Lifecore in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 2010 &lt;/div&gt;and (iv) upon the acquisition of Apio in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 1999. &lt;/div&gt;Accounting guidance defines goodwill as &amp;#x201c;the excess of the cost of an acquired entity over the net of the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at date of acquisition.&amp;#x201d; All intangible assets
 including goodwill
 associated with the acquisition of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;O&lt;/div&gt; was allocated to the Other reporting unit
 the acquisition of Lifecore was allocated to the Biomaterials reporting unit
 and the acquisitions of Apio and GreenLine were allocated to the Packaged Fresh Vegetables reporting unit based&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt; &lt;/div&gt;upon the allocation of assets and liabilities acquired and consideration paid for each reporting unit. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Other reporting unit had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.2&lt;/div&gt; million of goodwill
 the Biomaterials reporting unit had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$13.9&lt;/div&gt; million of goodwill

 plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate that the carrying amount of an asset (or asset group) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be recoverable. The Company&amp;#x2019;s impairment review requires significant management judgment including estimating the future success of product lines
 future sales volumes
 revenue and expense growth rates
 alternative uses for the assets and estimated proceeds from the disposal of the assets. The Company conducts quarterly reviews of idle and underutilized equipment
 and reviews business plans for possible impairment indicators. Impairment is indicated when the carrying amount of the asset (or asset group) exceeds its estimated future undiscounted cash flows and the impairment is viewed as other than temporary. When impairment is indicated
 an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between the asset&amp;#x2019;s book value and its estimated fair value. Depending on the asset

 in accordance with accounting guidance. For all indefinite-lived assets
 including goodwill
 the Company performs a qualitative analysis in accordance with ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;350&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;35.&lt;/div&gt; Application of the impairment tests for indefinite-lived intangible assets requires significant judgment by management
 including identification of reporting units
 assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units
 assignment of intangible assets to reporting units


 the Company considers the need to update its most recent annual tests for possible impairment of its indefinite-lived intangible assets
 based on management&amp;#x2019;s assessment of changes in its business and other economic factors since the most recent annual evaluation. Such changes
 if significant or material

 the Company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. In assessing the qualitative factors
 management considers the impact of these key factors: macro-economic conditions
 industry and market environment
 cost factors
 overall financial performance of the Company
 cash flow from operating activities
 market capitalization
 litigation
 and stock price. If management determines as a result of the qualitative assessment that it is more likely than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; (that is
 a likelihood of more than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50&lt;/div&gt; percent) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 then the quantitative test is required. Otherwise

 the Company would compare the carrying amount of a reporting unit that includes goodwill to its fair value. The Company determines the fair value using both an income approach and a market approach. Under the income approach
 fair value is determined based on estimated future cash flows
 discounted by an estimated weighted-average cost of capital
 which reflects the overall level of inherent risk of the Company and the rate of return an outside investor would expect to earn. Under the market-based approach
 information regarding the Company is utilized as well as publicly available industry information to determine earnings multiples that are used to value the Company. A goodwill impairment loss is recognized for the amount that the carrying amount of a reporting unit
 including goodwill
 exceeds its fair value

 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company tested its goodwill for impairment and determined that &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; indication of impairment existed as of that date. As a result
 it was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test at that time. Subsequent to the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; annual impairment test
 there have been &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; significant events or circumstances affecting the valuation of goodwill that indicate a need for goodwill to be further tested for impairment. Other than the goodwill attributable to the Food Export business segment
 which was written off pursuant to the Company discontinuing its operations during fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; there were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; impairment losses for goodwill during fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017

 2011
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company made an investment in Windset which is reported as an investment in non-public company
 fair value
 in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28

 changes in severity
 benefit level changes
 medical costs
 and claims settlement patterns. This self-insurance liability is included&amp;nbsp;in accrued liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and represents management's best estimate of the amounts that have &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; been paid as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27


&lt;/div&gt; the Company purchased the remaining &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;40%&lt;/div&gt; non-controlling interest of its subsidiary
 Apio Cooling
 LP (&amp;#x201c;Apio Cooling&amp;#x201d;)
 for approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$4.7&lt;/div&gt; million in cash. The increase in the Company&amp;#x2019;s ownership interest in Apio Cooling was accounted for as an equity transaction in accordance with ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;810&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;45&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;23.&lt;/div&gt; The Company recorded a decrease in additional paid-in capital of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.6&lt;/div&gt; million
 which represents the difference between the cash paid and the book value of the Apio Cooling non-controlling interest account
 which was approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.5&lt;/div&gt; million

 the Company takes into account such factors as prior earnings history
 expected future earnings
 unsettled circumstances that
 if unfavorably resolved
 would adversely affect utilization of a deferred tax asset
 carryback and carryforward periods
 and tax strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of realization of a deferred tax asset. At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018

 the Company establishes accruals for uncertain tax positions. The tax-contingency accruals are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances
 such as the progress of tax audits

 for which the Company has accrued
 is audited and finally resolved. The number of years with open tax audits varies by jurisdiction. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular tax matter

 warrants and convertible securities and is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution as if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. Diluted common equivalent shares consist of stock options and restricted stock units














495
380&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1
428
272&lt;/div&gt; shares of Common Stock at a weighted average exercise price of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$13.80&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$13.58&lt;/div&gt; per share were outstanding during fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;respectively
 but were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; included in the computation of diluted net income per share because the options&amp;#x2019; exercise price were greater than the average market price of the Common Stock and
 therefore


 packaging
 syringes and fermentation and purification supplies)
 direct labor
 overhead (including indirect labor
 depreciation

 supplies
 travel expenses























 which determines the Company&amp;#x2019;s calculation of stock-based compensation expense

 including the expected stock price volatility and expected life of option awards
 which have a significant impact on the fair value estimates. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016




 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.90
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.37&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.85&lt;/div&gt; per share
 respectively. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No&lt;/div&gt; stock options were granted above or below grant date market prices during the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29



 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company held certain assets and liabilities that were required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis
 including its interest rate swap
 its minority interest investment in Windset

 including yield curves

 including projected cash flows
 growth rates
 and discount rates. As a result
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment in Windset is considered to be a Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; fair value measurement. The change in the fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment in Windset for the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;twelve&lt;/div&gt; months ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;was due to the Company&amp;#x2019;s &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;26.9%&lt;/div&gt; minority interest in the change in the fair market value of Windset during the period. In determining the fair value of the investment in Windset



 expense growth
 and income tax rate assumptions are considered the Company's best estimate of the trends in those items over the discount period. The discount rate assumption takes into account the risk-free rate of return
 the market equity risk premium





 taxes
 depreciation and amortization (&amp;#x201c;EBITDA&amp;#x201d;)
 growth rates and discount rates. As a result
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s contingent consideration liability is categorized as a Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; fair value measurement. In determining the fair value of the contingent consideration liability











 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;Staff Accounting Bulletin &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;118&lt;/div&gt; (&amp;#x201c;SAB &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;118&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;) was issued to address the application of GAAP in situations when a registrant does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; have the necessary information available
 prepared
 or analyzed in reasonable detail to complete its accounting for certain income tax effects of the TCJA. Pursuant to SAB &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;118
&lt;/div&gt; as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; yet completed its accounting for the tax effects of the enactment of the TCJA. The Company&amp;#x2019;s provision for income taxes for the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27

&lt;/div&gt; the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#x201c;FASB&amp;#x201d;) issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; which creates FASB ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/div&gt; and supersedes ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;605
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/div&gt; (&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). The guidance replaces industry-specific guidance and establishes a single &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt;-step model to identify and recognize revenue. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue upon transfer of control of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Additionally
 the guidance requires the entity to disclose further quantitative and qualitative information regarding the nature and amount of revenues arising from contracts with customers
 as well as other information about the significant judgments and estimates used in recognizing revenues from contracts with customers. &amp;nbsp;Since its original issuance
 the FASB has issued several additional related ASUs to address implementation concerns and to further clarify certain guidance within ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09.&lt;/div&gt; The Company will adopt these updates beginning with the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; quarter of fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; and anticipates doing so using the modified retrospective method


 processes
 and systems requirements
 as well assigning internal resources and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt;-party consultants to assist in the process. Based upon the Company&amp;#x2019;s assessment
 certain contract manufacturing arrangements within its Biomaterials segment contain termination provisions that
 upon final assessment and adoption
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;impact the timing of revenue recognition. Additionally
 the Company has reviewed historical contracts and other arrangements to identify potential differences that could arise from the adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09.&lt;/div&gt; Beyond its core revenue streams
 and the items listed above

 the Company does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; currently anticipate any material changes to its processes
 financial condition
 or results of operations upon adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09.&lt;/div&gt; The Company continues to assess the impact of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; along with industry trends and additional interpretive guidance
 on its core revenue streams
 and as a result of the continued assessment

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Leases (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;842&lt;/div&gt;) &lt;/div&gt;(&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;)
 which requires companies to generally recognize on the balance sheet operating and financing lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use-assets. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; also requires improved disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the amount

 the Company currently anticipates that the adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; will have a significant impact on its long-term assets and liabilities
 as
 at a minimum
 virtually all of its leases designated as operating leases in Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;9&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x2013; Commitments and Contingencies

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income &lt;/div&gt;that permits a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 2017. &lt;/div&gt;The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 15

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12
&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;(ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12&lt;/div&gt;)
 which amends the presentation and disclosure requirements and changes how companies assess effectiveness. The amendments are intended to more closely align hedge accounting with companies&amp;#x2019; risk management strategies
 simplify the application of hedge accounting
 and increase transparency as to the scope and results of hedging programs. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12&lt;/div&gt; is effective for annual periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 15
 2018

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Financial Instruments &amp;#x2014;Credit Losses (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;326&lt;/div&gt;): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments &lt;/div&gt;(ASU&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13&lt;/div&gt;)
 which requires the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets including trade receivables held at the reporting date based on historical experience
 current conditions
 and reasonable and supportable forecasts. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13&lt;/div&gt; is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 15

 &lt;/div&gt;during the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;fourth&lt;/div&gt; quarter of fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; the Company determined that it had incorrectly included certain accrued capital expenditures as cash flows used in investing activities
 and therefore
 has restated related quarterly information. The Company determined that the error did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; have a material impact on the financial statements for fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016

000
&lt;/div&gt; $(&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;411
000&lt;/div&gt;)
 $(&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.2&lt;/div&gt;) million
 and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.2&lt;/div&gt; million

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  




  
  

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  


  

  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

 allows participants to contribute from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1%&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50%&lt;/div&gt; of their salaries
 up to the Internal Revenue Service limitation into designated investment funds. The Company matches &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;100%&lt;/div&gt; on the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50%&lt;/div&gt; on the next &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2%&lt;/div&gt; contributed by an employee. Employee and Company contributions are fully vested at the time of the contributions. The Company retains the right
 by action of the Board of Directors
 to amend
 modify
 or terminate the plan. For fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the Company contributed &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.8&lt;/div&gt; million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.5&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.3&lt;/div&gt; million&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; respectively

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  

  
  


  

  
  







 capitalized software
 machinery













 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$11.0&lt;/div&gt; million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$9.6&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$8.2&lt;/div&gt; million
 respectively. Amortization related to capitalized leases
 which is included in depreciation expense
 was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$135
000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$135
000
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$49
000&lt;/div&gt; for fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016
 &lt;/div&gt;respectively. Amortization related to capitalized software was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$632
000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$414
000
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$269
000&lt;/div&gt; for fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016
 &lt;/div&gt;respectively. The unamortized computer software costs as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.5&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.2&lt;/div&gt; million
 respectively. Capitalized interest was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$563
000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$514
000
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$487
000&lt;/div&gt; for fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 generally &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;forty&lt;/div&gt; years for buildings and leasehold improvements and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;twenty&lt;/div&gt; years for furniture and fixtures
 computers
 capitalized software
 capitalized leases
 machinery

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the Company capitalized &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$918
000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.2&lt;/div&gt; million
 and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$174
000&lt;/div&gt; in software development costs








 capitalized software
 machinery













  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  







































&lt;/div&gt; the Company determined that it had improperly included accrued capital expenditures in cash used in investing activities from the purchase of property and equipment in its statements of cash flows for the previous annual financial statements and the quarterly financial statements for fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; While the Company concluded that the impact of these errors was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; material to prior annual periods
 the Company concluded that the errors were material to its &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; quarterly statements of cash flows. As a result





































 evidenced by contracts and notes receivable. These notes and advances receivable are secured by perfected liens on crops
 have terms that range from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;nine&lt;/div&gt; months
 and are reviewed at least quarterly for collectability. A reserve is established for any note or advance deemed to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be fully collectible based upon an estimate of the crop value or the fair value of the security for the note or advance. Notes or advances outstanding at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.7&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.0&lt;/div&gt; million


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 supplies
 travel expenses

  
  
  
  
  
  
  


















 title has transferred
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Allowances are established for estimated uncollectible amounts
 product returns

 and therefore

 LP
 a vegetable cooling operation in which Apio was the general partner with a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;60%&lt;/div&gt; ownership position. On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 26
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company purchased the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;40%&lt;/div&gt; non-controlling interest of the limited partners
 thus dissolving Apio Cooling
 LP. See the non-controlling interest discussion further in this note for more details. Additionally

 Cal-Ex Trading Company (&amp;#x201c;Cal-Ex&amp;#x201d;). As most Cal-Ex customers are in countries outside of the U.S.
 title transfers and revenue is generally recognized upon arrival of the shipment in the foreign port. Apio records revenue equal to the sale price to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt; parties because it takes title to the product while in transit. The Company discontinued its Food Export business segment. As a result
 the Company met the requirements of ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;205&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20&lt;/div&gt; and ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;360&lt;/div&gt; to report the results of the Food Export business segment as discontinued operations. The operating results for the Food Export business segment
 in all periods presented

 which represented approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;60%&lt;/div&gt; of Lifecore&amp;#x2019;s revenues in fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;) Orthopedic
 which represented approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10%&lt;/div&gt; of Lifecore&amp;#x2019;s revenues in fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; and (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;) Other/Non-HA products

 a portion of which are included in all &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; medical areas

 based on the performance requirements of the contract. Non-refundable contract fees for which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; further performance obligations exist
 and there is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; continuing involvement by the Company

 the Company splits the arrangement into separate units of accounting if the individually delivered elements have value to the customer on a standalone basis. The Company also evaluates whether multiple transactions with the same customer or related party should be considered part of a multiple element arrangement
 whereby the Company assesses
 among other factors
 whether the contracts or agreements are negotiated or executed within a short time frame of each other or if there are indicators that the contracts are negotiated in contemplation of each other. The Company then allocates revenue to each element based on a selling price hierarchy. The relative selling price for a deliverable is based on its vendor-specific objective evidence (&amp;#x201c;VSOE&amp;#x201d;)
 if available
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt;-party evidence (&amp;#x201c;TPE&amp;#x201d;)
 if VSOE is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; available
 or estimated selling price
 if neither VSOE nor TPE is available. The Company then recognizes revenue on each deliverable in accordance with its policies for product and service revenue recognition. The Company is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; typically able to determine VSOE or TPE
 and therefore

 and for an arrangement that includes a general right of return relative to the delivered products or services
 delivery or performance of the undelivered product or service is considered probable and is substantially controlled by the Company. The Company considers a deliverable to have stand-alone value if the product or service is sold separately by the Company or another vendor or could be resold by the customer. Further
 the revenue arrangements generally do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; include a general right of return relative to delivered products. Where the aforementioned criteria for a separate unit of accounting are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; met
 the deliverable is combined with the undelivered element(s) and treated as a single unit of accounting for the purposes of allocation of the arrangement consideration and revenue recognition. The Company allocates the total arrangement consideration to each separable element of an arrangement based upon the relative selling price of each element. Allocation of the consideration is determined at arrangement inception on the basis of each unit&amp;#x2019;s relative selling price. In instances where the Company has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; established fair value for any undelivered element

 the initial license fees are deferred and amortized to revenue over the period of the agreement when a contract exists
 the fee is fixed and determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Noncancellable
 nonrefundable license fees are recognized over the period of the agreement

 the Company offers customers sales incentives

















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  







































 BMO Harris Bank N
A. (&amp;#x201c;BMO&amp;#x201d;)
 and City National Bank (&amp;#x201c;CNB&amp;#x201d;); due in quarterly principal and interest payments of $1
250 beginning December 1
 2016 through September 23
 2021 with the remainder due on maturity

















































































































































































































































































































































































736













731












571

000













955


383

122



955

937


955

937

383

122










 &lt;/div&gt;the Company managed its business operations through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; strategic business units based upon the information reported to the chief operating decision maker
 who is the Chief Executive Officer: Packaged Fresh Vegetables
 Food Export and Biomaterials. However
 in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company discontinued its Food Export business segment. As a result
 the Company met the requirements of ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;205&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20&lt;/div&gt; and ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;360&lt;/div&gt; to report the results of the Food Export business segment as discontinued operations. The operating results for the Food Export business segment
 in all periods presented

 the majority of which incorporate the BreatheWay specialty packaging for the retail grocery
 club store and food services industry. In addition
 the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment sells BreatheWay packaging to partners for fruit and vegetable products. The Biomaterials segment sells products utilizing hyaluronan
 a naturally occurring polysaccharide that is widely distributed in the extracellular matrix of connective tissues in both animals and humans
 and non-HA products for medical use primarily in the Ophthalmic
 Orthopedic and other markets. Other includes licensing and R&amp;amp;D activities from Landec&amp;#x2019;s Intelimer polymers for agricultural products
 personal care products and other industrial products and from the operations of the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;O&lt;/div&gt; business from its acquisition date of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 1
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018. &lt;/div&gt;The Other segment also includes corporate general and administrative expenses










































































































 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;have been restated to reflect the reclassification of the Food Export segment to discontinued operations.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman', Times, serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:left;&gt;(&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;) Assets of discontinued operations are included in Other for the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29


 changes in severity
 benefit level changes
 medical costs
 and claims settlement patterns. This self-insurance liability is included&amp;nbsp;in accrued liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and represents management's best estimate of the amounts that have &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; been paid as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  























 which determines the Company&amp;#x2019;s calculation of stock-based compensation expense

 including the expected stock price volatility and expected life of option awards
 which have a significant impact on the fair value estimates. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016




 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.90
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.37&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.85&lt;/div&gt; per share
 respectively. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No&lt;/div&gt; stock options were granted above or below grant date market prices during the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  


  

  
  


  



















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  

 and as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27

 2018

 2013
 &lt;/div&gt;following stockholder approval at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company
 the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt; Stock Incentive Plan (the &amp;#x201c;Plan&amp;#x201d;) became effective and replaced the Company&amp;#x2019;s &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2009&lt;/div&gt; Stock Incentive Plan. Employees (including officers)

 2017

 stock grants
 stock units and stock appreciation rights. Awards under the Plan will be evidenced by an agreement with the Plan&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt; &lt;/div&gt;participants and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2.0&lt;/div&gt; million shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Common Stock (&amp;#x201c;Shares&amp;#x201d;) were initially available for award under the Plan. Under the Plan
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; recipient &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;receive awards during any fiscal year that exceeds the following amounts: (i) stock options covering in excess of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;500
000&lt;/div&gt; Shares; (ii) stock grants and stock units covering in excess of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;250
000&lt;/div&gt; Shares in the aggregate; or (iii) stock appreciation rights covering more than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;500
000&lt;/div&gt; Shares. In addition
 awards to non-employee directors are discretionary. However
 a non-employee director &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be granted awards in excess of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30
000&lt;/div&gt; Shares in the aggregate during any fiscal year. The exercise price of the options is the fair market value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Common Stock on the date the options are granted. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2
070

 2009
 &lt;/div&gt;following stockholder approval at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company
 the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2009&lt;/div&gt; Stock Incentive Plan (the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x201c;2009&lt;/div&gt; Plan&amp;#x201d;) became effective and replaced the Company&amp;#x2019;s &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2005&lt;/div&gt; Stock Incentive Plan. Employees (including officers)
 consultants and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates were eligible to participate in the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2009&lt;/div&gt; Plan. The &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2009&lt;/div&gt; Plan provided for the grant of stock options (both nonstatutory and incentive stock options)
 stock grants
 stock units and stock appreciation rights. Under the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2009&lt;/div&gt; Plan
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.9&lt;/div&gt; million shares were initially available for awards and as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;292




736













731












571

000













955

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; certain RSUs and exercised options were net share-settled to cover the required exercise price and withholding tax and the remaining amounts were converted into an equivalent number of shares of Common Stock. The Company withheld shares with value equivalent to the exercise price for options and the employees' minimum statutory obligation for the applicable income and other employment taxes
 and remitted the cash to the appropriate taxing authorities. The total shares withheld for fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;121
652
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;137
089&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;95
550&lt;/div&gt; RSUs and options
 respectively

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; were approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.5&lt;/div&gt; million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$434
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;zero&lt;/div&gt;


955

937

383

122

 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;options to purchase &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1
383
732&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1
021
097&lt;/div&gt; shares of Landec&amp;#x2019;s Common Stock were vested
 respectively
 and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;571
603&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;550
445&lt;/div&gt; were unvested
 respectively. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No&lt;/div&gt; options have been exercised prior to being vested. The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value
 based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s closing stock price of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$14.05&lt;/div&gt; on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;which would have been received by holders of stock options had all holders of stock options exercised their stock options that were in-the-money as of that date. The total number of in-the-money stock options exercisable as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 27
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;548
692&lt;/div&gt; shares. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$178

383

122



955

937

 2018

 2010
 &lt;/div&gt;the Board of Directors of the Company approved the establishment of a stock repurchase plan which allows for the repurchase of up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$10.0&lt;/div&gt; million of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Common Stock. The Company &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;repurchase its Common Stock from time to time in open market purchases or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased is at the discretion of management of the Company and will depend on a variety of factors
 including stock price
 corporate and regulatory requirements
 market conditions
 the relative attractiveness of other capital deployment opportunities and other corporate priorities. The stock repurchase program does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; obligate Landec to acquire any amount of its Common Stock and the program &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be modified
 suspended or terminated at any time at the Company's discretion without prior notice. During fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016


 2018

  
  
  

 on a periodic basis





  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
























































































 2018
 May 28
 2017 and May 29


 2018
 May 28
 2017
 and May 29

























    
    






    


    


    


    


    




        


        




    



      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      


      




      

        



      






































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation

        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation

        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation

        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation

        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Reconciliation of Cash

        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation

        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation

        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation

        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Fair Value of Stock Option

        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation

        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation

        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    
    


    


    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans




 Basis of Presentation



    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Basis of Presentation




 Basis of Presentation



    
    



 Basis of Presentation



    
    


    



 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Reconciliation of Cash




 Basis of Presentation




 Basis of Presentation




 Basis of Presentation



    
    


    



 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Fair Value of Stock Option




 Basis of Presentation



    





 Basis of Presentation




 Basis of Presentation



    
    


    



 Stock Options



    


    


    


    


    




    


    
    


    






    


    


    
    


    




    


    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest



    


    
    


    








    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Pro Forma Information
 Revenue of Acquiree since Acquisition Date



    
    


    

 Pro Forma Information
 Earnings or Loss of Acquiree since Acquisition Date



    

 Options
 Exercises in Period



    




    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    
    


    

 Options
 Nonvested
 Number of Shares



    

 Impaired



    

 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    


    


    
    


    






    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    




    


    




    
    


    




    


    


    
    
    


    




    


    


    


    

 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized



    

 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized



    


    
    


    


    
    


    




    
    


    










    


    


    


    






    


    
    
    


    


    


    
    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    


    










    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    


    




    
    


    


    
    


    
    






    
    










    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    





 less accumulated amortization and any impairment charges
 as of the balance sheet date of an asset comprised of customer information
 acquired in a business combination or other transaction



    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    




    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    
    


    

 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee



    
    
    


    

 Employer Matching Contribution



    

 Employer Matching Contribution



    

 Rent Expense



    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    

 Periodic Payment







    


    

 Shares



    
    


    
    
    






    
    
    


    

 Shares Outstanding



    


    


    




    

 Net



    


    

 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 Provisional Effect on Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities





    

 Interest Rate



    


    








    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    






    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    




    

 Net



    


    


    


    




    




    


    


    


    


    


    




    


    




    
    


    


    


    


    

 Depletion and Amortization
 Nonproduction



    


    


    


    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    




    
    






    
    



 Goods



    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    
    






    
    


    
    

 which includes
 but not limited to
 sales revenue
 accounts receivable



    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 but not limited to
 office
 production



    
    


    


    

 capitalized software
 machinery



    
    


    




    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    


    
    






    
    


    


    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    

 Options Vested





    


    






    
    

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months







    
    




    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    


    






    

 Amortization Expense







    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    
    


    
    




    


    


    
    


    
    


    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    






    
    


    


    


    
    






    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    






    




    


    
    


    

 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Change in Amount of Contingent Consideration








 $0.001 par value; 50
000
000 shares authorized; 27
702 and 27
499 shares issued and outstanding at May 27
 2018 and May 28
 2017



    


    


    


    







 Measurements















    

 Preferred Stock

    






    


    


    
    


    


    

 Valuation Allowance

    


    


    


    


    


    




    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    

 Liquidation Preference



    


    



 Computers
 Capitalized Software
 Capitalized Leases
 Machinery


 computers
 capitalized software
 capitalized leases
 machinery



    


    
    


    


    
    










    


    


    
    






    
    


    






    
    






    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    





 Inputs



    

 Balance Sheet
 Assets by Major Class
 Net



    
    


    
    


    


    


    



 Inputs




 Inputs



    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    



 BMO Harris Bank

    


    
    


    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    

 Dividend Rate



    




    


    










    


    
    


    










    




    
    



 Net
 Cash Flow Hedge



    


    


    


    



 Plant and Equipment



    



 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment



    


    


    


    
    


    




    


    


    
    






    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    

 Net

    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    


    


    


    


    




    


    



 Credit Risk



    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    








    


    






    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    




    
    


    


    


    


    


    








    
    


    


    






    
    


    


    


    
    


    



 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months









    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    






    




    
    


    


    

 Net

    










    


    


    


    
    










    


    






    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    






    
    


    

 subject to vesting and other restrictions
 a number of shares in the entity at a specified price
 as defined in the agreement. Although there are variations
 normally
 after vesting
 when an option is exercised
 the employee-holder pays the strike value in cash to the issuing employer-entity and receives equity shares. The equity shares can be sold into the market for cash at the current market price without restriction. Options may be used to attract
 retain and incentivize employees
 in addition to their regular salary and other benefits. And share instrument which is convertible to stock or an equivalent amount of cash



    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    














    




    
    


    
    


    




    








    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    






    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Percent



    


    


    
    


    
    






    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    

 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Range of Outcomes
 Value



    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    

 Contingent Consideration
 Liability

    


    


    
    


    




    
    



 Including Discontinued Operations



    
    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    

 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate







    


    
    








    

 Repatriation of Foreign Earnings



    
    


    
    



 $254

















    

 Related Parties



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    


    








    
    






    


    


    


    

 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Number of Exercisable Options



    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 img.jpg

# P
!PD.#PT
#@L
# S_

# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#]_**** B



M2N['TQ17YWZ5^V7\-_@S\$8)/A]\0OA)]O\ $_BJWT2YU#X9:]8Z]8V9:TGF
MC%Y=W]PMK8L?*D*M-NW[0B([N







8\OGN^F*S+GR\3%512H8Q_L]_P#!
M3SQ%\6?VH/FC:5XGCU[PYXQTWQ#//9:C:Z7;7VD26$;- XMK6XDN;7<T<BF

0 !DD]


M+A6#LD;*KQ2CYOD;;RI&0
&Z]*I34TU[T)N#7FE%O_TKYV=KD0G&52
'HG'F


MC*:\TE.WI=P:UUZI
_5RBBBI$%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%?*_Q[_;LU/]G'




ML.^)W_!2?4O@-/JUAXY^%NLZ9K=EX4N/&]I8Z;JL.I_;M*M+BWBOSO55VW%N
MES'(8L$.



%?%WASPWJ#*MNMOX935+.!A<[U4/+ L]



M!PZ
IP

-6\%:C:7=M8F/3O$_AW6
^<VTOR;?]U-[)F<YJ
M




@*DYS



M_P WUZ
_2:]L(-3M6AN(8KB%^&CD0


]CX?T+XI^&-9\4^$+

.[*-O1_M5_L(^/K6Q_:1\
M

M.2*DE)Z._P%W^*6F]VTK$P;E?3:WSNXK3S7,V^RBV?=7B?QSH?@N30TU3R


3P%=AB9 4(]
=
5Y_\7_VK?AY^S_XC


D9CA^RA
MH72
!41=Q]#_ &_?A/X_O?VT? OC7PWX.^+GB7PY!X$UOPU?W'P\U30[+4K.



MASX(\1:9?65CK @M(IVUP.CQWL-M(D=S=TCE:1T1H1.CLI&4)@T'X$?'#5







MD.D1%K$ %93R^#FO0/A-_P %$-0^+/C/P%X9\/\ @ZW\777B/P'I?CK5]?TO
M688-$T^VN9G@E$?F_OYKQR,BA.0I#,A')'WES?U]OY;0D_1%UH2IRM+LG]_
M);[_ &D5Z^A]1T5\@?L^?\%?_W[1GQ&\*Z?HGAG5)?#OCF\NK/1M5@N!/
G
MDI/(L]W;A +:WE6 [)/



8;Z22[19

M]XNS^6G_  _;K8RA+G7-%:?\!O\ )-^=M#['HKXZL?\ @H_?:MXJ^#?C::QN

1YDEJD5V\_/2W


5



)?$-_K]U%I^03:1R7LTK1Q$A2RJ1O*@
MON(!KXW_ &1/^C7Q6^
NFVFKW_BGX=WQU'P-JNO:OH:ZMI9U+0-0M[='1+:
MR@D:Z6.*;?#-'=@NK%
LI!0[/A?]M_XW?#JP^%5_JM_I7Q


M\
3:-X5T_5U\0V$5GK%Y%?65_'()([J&Z$OVA'C(55P^%150#8 M.'_!.#X4



M(O[/GQQG^/7_  4M_9HUF7XN^&?BE=77PZ\2WNI0:/806X\/W4Z:6SV[^4[%


M'^5

MT5[?SS'6%CLULT!+N6#!%&Y&)&XG=\U9
_[ 7PO7X7^?5CH^J:'8?#E6


M^&OAQ\;;'Q=J_P 0/ACJ

P2


O\

5[RX\_0IK)46WQ
M)/



Q&0$5'=T4ZQ4E.3U35GYN49PC'

M476K^RTCQ;JFGZ7J%ZI4_:)K*&X6W=F*KYF4Q+C]X'K)\:_\$Z?@Q\2_&'Q


YD9<C&2Y7%_H<WR?LU;R3C-7OT5K





M:-97C)V:9UWP@^.ND_%K3P(7%MJ
:YFM)#\P]U_O#WKMZ_/_ $K5KG0]0BNK

IKZ5^!?[5=OXI\G2_$#):ZCPD=STCN#[_W6_0_I7Y/X0_2&

M-:U&C'EC%V27H@HHHK]%/ BBB@ HHHH **** BBOSX_:Z^%GBSX_?\%(OB

W
^H:O']MA^RQ2.TOR(3LV-^Y0;NX6
MMTDK[_@F_3IU:7F:PIJ4)3;LHV_&48_^W7^1^@]%?'?PS\8_&33?VL+WX5S^








M!XR3XK:MX5DMYH=
EU#PXCZSJ26QN9+N:.*R@EAB1HWNCY:HJ1PHY9%J8+FI
M*:V:2MW3LK6[6G;MJUU*G&4923W3U_\ )FW_ .2/\&?:/PE_8.^&WP2@\'1:

SS.$@$!*+!L3JJ@\U5O_P#@GM\+

M  'RK\
/V^_BU\;_  1\+M+T;Q9X=L=0\6_&'6/ -SXA&EVVH_:=+M=*O;V.

ES+%JOB'

MM



WQ*6XLKSQ%\6=6M[N46]L8$TVS@MTCC@ +M



MM]L(#)L9B





Z

















M*
XKUSEBBB@ HHKS/X\_$'QC\.$%]HUCIE]I07][YEO(TL![DE9 /PXKR
-?M
MO?\ )+M._PPJG_HF6O/?^&V_%G_ #XZ!_WXE_\ CM<U\4OVA];^+F@PZ=J5
MOID

%P+E3;1.K%@K+SN=AC#'MZ5_+/B3](#A'.N&


MY7P_\+/BSJ7PBU6YO--BLII+J






M/#M*4;IWOL_1/9_F?:KN(U))  Y)/:N=UWXN^&/#3$7NO:7$ZC)C%PK./^ C

MV-?KZ^E'C\VQU/*^&\KYZM1J

4K)+5OGLE=O17/E?^(;T
-1EB
PQ


M;B'2=67L$U^E]7;SMUBBBNTQBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH @U+38-8T^:UNH8[BVN$

M!_ :?X3:S]IM \^A7;GR)


L^KU;0Q$+NE4_E?9]X2ZKINM4?2\
\25LHQ'

M_+[/\AQV2YA5RS


MZNE;Y3B?A2AG$$V^2I':5KZ=4UU\NS^9]7?%3]K;1/!GF6ND;=:U!?E)1L6\
M1]W_ (OHOYBO

;9$DN)8(CLA15P% 4


M0!398EGB*.H9&&

2[GD
M/L/Z]*G+


M;PIO\IS7?X4_ANTI'XCQ3QY5QE\+E]XT^KZR_P E^+Z]BCX8\+6'@W1X;#3;



#C\3/

MV? _A?29OW\H_P!/E0_ZM3_RR!]3W]N._'@/AWQ3J/A'45N]




MI'Z6%%%%

MSL**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** 



M8#;^M?V+]%ROE6487



O:N.?BCC*O\ N63XB7G-T::]=:KE_P2FJX9HQ_C
#@[Y ,&OFO2_AOX.\:7ZV2_$!M:NILX@@
MU6620 9X7+$XQFNAMOV6_#$ 7<=2FQUWS@;OKA16





MIZ7JCW5K?*2?G25)KC(/()Z&NC?]G#PBS9_LZ1?874O'_CU+PZX2SO@JG*&
MP6&J59:2J2JU54?E_!:C'^ZOFVT3GN:8+.&I5:U2
.D5&/+Z_'J_/[CUV#Q





MCM/Z5?\ %GQ:\%_%WP%J6F0:Y9QRW
)5$NLP


JQE+&SHRM!IMI75NNL;K57
M/DJBED3RW*^AQQ25_EO5I3I5)4JBM*+LUV:W/Z.C)27
M@HHHK
H*]3_ &:/
M@DWQ%\0#4+Z



RNO&M3?6+37H[;/NGJ
MNI_.&

_4&G


WU+48?.1&VEDC/F=?3*K7V!X;^$_AWPK!&MGI%D
MC1J%#O'YC_\ ?39-1:7\'/#6BZU%J%KI5O%=P9\MQD[,]< GBNGK]Q\/?#?!
M\/Y9##XJ%.I74I-SY4WJ]+-JZT2^9\=GG$%7'8ASI2E&%DK7_.VF]Q%4(H &
M . !VI:**_33YT*\Z_:__P33?B?_P!BGJG_ *22UZ+5;6-'M/$.D75A?VT%






&O+/AU^VK\6]4\










5




GQM_;G_8.\4Z


:X1!PJCL /\*6/QM*O%

MN8RDB+(IZJPR#7

MC:

WH8JM0?-1FXOR;1\C?$3X=1_WQ9=:3;F5K1&,UN93E@CDM
MC.!T)('L!6)7TG\9?@?_ ,+2O+2XAOOL$\F-W\O?O7K^8_K6'I'['^BP8-_
MJ6J7[=P)/)4_@F*_F'B+Z/6

Y*Z5THJ-K)WM[VUC]$
MP/'-&E@X0KQE*HM'M;RUOV\CP2:ZCMR/



WFIO&<[9 HC/U4#G\:]B@A6V@2-!A44*H'8GT5^IY5D66Y9#V66

M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 'E/[8

S*/]8[*&


.J^!M=


MP3]^

JDJT8022
4
'-1%[<1P6ZC\N<&)'$



M

M$VR*Y$@)^5=O/;WG_!='XJ6O_!%/Q;^T?_PCWP__ .$W\/\ CE_#-O8FTN_[







MWI/QMU+P7H^K?$5M5\03SQ)%J0VUI9[KJ[N&896(HN7=LC&#^GD'[ _P )


)H'X  C=5 [5U+
M*#A)5(ZS2YVDOBYH-V[+EC)I?S3:VU

]_1RA'_#!/=M'

MTKP9%?3WUK;2PW$SQW)E)$LK#RF18AP69?F(#']'?O_  2%^ ?A#PQ\2-*M
M_6J7




M\)Z-H^H0\R65Q#J#%YB8]S121R+E@N4(SCZY\6_\$L?@-XZ\1_$O4M6\ 6=Z





5



QR7 X#'Z@ _C755!IFFP:-IMO:6T:Q6]
MK&L42+T15& /R%3U_1&3X2KA



M?[RL.5/N*UJ*Y\7A*&*HRP^)@IPDK.
DFFNS3T:-*56=*:J4VU);-:-'A.I_
*SGTJ9CG?92[0#_ +K94?@!
M7.7'[-WB[PQN/A[QK*Z#[D%\IVK[9^<?^.BO(K1XPR_3&Y='$17VL/45_P#P
M75]F[^2E(ZXO*:_\'$.#[5(O_P!*C=?@CN:*\]E/Q6\+M_I&AZ9K4(ZR6\BA
MC]!N!_\ '*KR?'K4M##?VUX-UW3]A.6




V


MKI4=U#%;3\L 








M^C36;SE;F

M2_\ @WGN5^!7Q[\-W7Q*\

'XO=A_8_AMM'T_3--1UE*


G_
<#1_ ^LW*MR)9594_1<?^/5\3_Q$7AV4N3#XCVLNU*
Z


MH1_\J-3^Z#
I8/4?]YQ4%Y1O-_^2JWXFKXD^*_A[PF+S5;59%ZQ1MYLG_?
B^$_V9O!OA)E=-*6^

MUBBBOK3R@HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH




M^4K3FNWPI_$VTXGZAPM@





M =5:XBP?RC!_6K]M^Q[X+@^]!J$W.?GNC^7&*N?!/]HK3/BQ;K:S;+#6E7Y[




MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


M4O\ WP:_5/#'B?B[A_%?VCP[2J5:=[3BH2G3G;I*R=I)/1JTE?LVG\YQ#EV6

MI:


M+[KDU%%%?;'C!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !3)H$N$VR(KKZ

BGT4 5O[(M?\ GV@_[]BL[Q=I

M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !117-:Y\9_!_ACQ(-&U+Q7X:T_5V9


MZ;4X$NB[XV+Y1;?N;(P
9.1CK6I:^





M&6




T;6-/T^[U&PM;_5F=+&VFN$2:
M]9%WN(D)RY506.T' &3Q5^@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ K\_?VK;X^#_ .T5\1?$_P ++3Q;XI^+?BK5M(D3POJO

M_P#7];'YZ_&73;SX*_M+^,M:^$UEXM\5_$SQOXZTJ^U'PWK?PQNYM'PL%A:7
M$L.M-;1QP0):0&59Q<L@E4J SG94G[4'[*?BCP_\9O'&M_Q/%VIZII&G:[X




MN (4 

F?+B1$5F9VV
MG  [4OPA^.7A'X]^'KC5/!VOZ=K]E9W3V-TUM)E[.X4 M#
AP\4@#*2C@
 P

FK4U3?R[:W6W71.W;7I='P9^R_\
_BM
M^SQX!^ 6IZ5=?%*1_$/Q1US3?%?A^[MF.GZ?HD\^LS(SVWDJ($\U+5TN'(8F


M+FU$T2P(MBZW(
0.$9PS!_

MN5^TZE;6\]S-#DQ@ +%;3

M927UY(D9DDV(

MC:7_ &&VGR_VB+S^QS']G^S[?

M^%=!CBBDFN=6E6V%N9H2-LG_6%FA!DEB 
DUQME^W-\+-3LX)K?Q7#
9]9
ML/#_ ) M+A;B*\OG





NIZ9;
M+=(+F^M8F1)9HXB0[(C2QJYVX1I%#8) J4[K1:Z?A9V]/=O;1[N_:]I)_/\


M0Z_\$?



M_''P?\*?'_AO0TUC7;FY^*EGXJUCQ$E[:-J_Q.T)K55


M1KS_ #/\0?L ^(=6^%O@[5KWX??$'Q?!X5^*MOXB_P$6U(Z5I]S9:0VGFVN
M$TV/47@C@
QCE
4EPC[EF*H
@-L_&7X$_&_QI^U+IFLZ%\
[[PXFC_$+0;N
MSUC3[JVW-X;CEM/M@N+R35#)N

MTY%KY/D5_67=6FK'VD'!]8N/R;F_OO-Z^2[:_#WAW]EOXH2_%/X9ZEJFC7D]

US HC7+KO&54 X]._:7TJY_:7_
-8?%=WX66ZAMG\10+:W-N8X7F981<1M<+-'YKHA:(


M3IFAMK*W$X
0O3



%%% '_]D!
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











May 27
 2018
Jul. 27
 2018
Nov. 26
 2017



















































































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding (in shares)



735
798











832














  2018






































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.

























































The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated)
 (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer or (6) Smaller Reporting Company and Large Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017













899


998



Accounts receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts


877


899






819


620






958


498



Other current assets
 discontinued operations




265






063


280



Investment in non-public company
 fair value


500


600



Property and equipment
 net


624


220






510


510



Trademarks/trade names
 net


028


028



Customer relationships
 net


814


783






164


918



Other assets
 discontinued operations










703


608














668


527






978


506






706


045






625








000


000



Current portion of long-term debt
 net


940


940



Other current liabilities
 discontinued operations




126






375


454



Long-term debt
 net


360


299



Capital lease obligation
 less current portion


641


731



Deferred taxes
 net


485


581






280


391






141


456











Common stock
 $0.001 par value; 50
000
000 shares authorized; 27
702 and 27
499 shares issued and outstanding at May 27
 2018 and May 28
 2017
 respectively










087


680






299


470






148








562


609








543






562


152






703


608






 2018
 May 28
 2017
 and May 29







Gross carrying amount
 less accumulated amortization and any impairment charges
 as of the balance sheet date of an asset comprised of customer information
 acquired in a business combination or other transaction
 having a finite beneficial life.

























































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























The carrying amount of consideration received or receivable as of the balance sheet date on potential earnings that were not recognized as revenue in conformity with GAAP
 and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including sales
 license fees
 and royalties
 but excluding interest income.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 with jurisdictional netting and classified as noncurrent.




























Amount classified as other assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as other liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as other assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).






















































































Carrying amount (original costs adjusted for previously recognized amortization and impairment) as of the balance sheet date for the rights acquired through registration of a trademark to gain or protect exclusive use of a business name
 symbol or other device or style for a projected indefinite period of benefit.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017


Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






Common stock
 shares authorized (in shares)

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued (in shares)

702


499



Common stock
 shares outstanding (in shares)

702


499

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016




227
000


776
000


918
000





889
000


564
000


137
000





338
000


212
000


781
000














800
000


473
000


228
000



Selling
 general and administrative

951
000


491
000


181
000







580
000











000
000





751
000


544
000


409
000





587
000


668
000


628
000)





650
000


650
000


650
000





000


000


000



Interest expense
 net

950
000)


826
000)


987
000)







233
000)







900
000


000


200
000





398
000


175
000


694
000)





363
000


040
000)


704
000





761
000


135
000


990
000)





188
000)


000


000





000


000)


000)



(Loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of tax

000)


000


000





923
000


677
000


448
000)





000)


000)


000)





829
000


590
000


641
000)




































































535


276


044





915


652


044





































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))



























Amount before tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount of tax expense (benefit) related to a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tax expense (benefit) related to income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) on disposal
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and tax expense (benefit) related to adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.













































































































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of impairment loss resulting from write-down of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value.




























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.



















































































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Per basic share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.




























Per diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.



















































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.





















































































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.

























































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.




























The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016




829


590


641)



Other comprehensive income
 net of tax:








Change in net unrealized gains on interest rate swap (net of tax effect of $123
 $254
 and $0)








Other comprehensive income
 net










545


022


641)




































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016


Change in net unrealized gains on interest rate swap
 tax











Amount of tax expense (benefit)
 before reclassification adjustments
 related to increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands









Balance (in shares) at May. 31
 2015

990















Balance at May. 31
 2015



307


098




432


677













































































465






465















































641)




641)




641)











































































465






465






































448)



Other comprehensive income
 net of tax
















Balance (in shares) at May. 29
 2016

148















Balance at May. 29
 2016



244


457




728


622






























































































964






964






































022




























































































964






964






























590




590




677



Other comprehensive income
 net of tax
















Balance (in shares) at May. 28
 2017

499















Balance at May. 28
 2017



680


470




609


543


152











































































403






403






































545











































































478)






478)











403






403






























829




829




923



Other comprehensive income
 net of tax




















573)






573)


522)





Balance (in shares) at May. 27
 2018

702















Balance at May. 27
 2018



087


299


148


562




562






























































































Amount of increase in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from a tax benefit associated with share-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Includes
 but is not limited to
 excess tax benefit.

























































Amount after tax of increase (decrease) to equity or (increase) decrease to net assets
 resulting from the cumulative effect adjustment of a new accounting principle applied in the period of adoption.




























Decrease in noncontrolling interest balance from payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling interest holders.

























































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.






















































































Total number of shares issued during the period
 including shares forfeited
 as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.






















































































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016











Issuance of common stock
 per share (in dollars per share)








Issuance of common stock
 per share (in dollars per share)

















Issuance of common stock
 per share (in dollars per share)








Issuance of common stock
 per share (in dollars per share)








Issuance of common stock
 per share (in dollars per share)








Issuance of common stock
 per share (in dollars per share)







































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016













923
000


677
000


448
000)














412
000


677
000


395
000





403
000


964
000


465
000







233
000







221
000)


506
000


787
000)



Change in investment in non-public company
 fair value

900
000)


000)


200
000)





000


000


000









000
000





900
000)
















Accounts receivable
 net

312
000)


000)


000





529
000)


000


000)





987
000)


039
000


000





965
000


778
000)


277
000)





981
000


751
000


282
000)





383
000)


086
000


556
000







000)


000)





170
000


000)


000)





779
000


738
000


762
000














590
000)


003
000)


695
000)







500
000)











000)





000


000


000





099
000)









589
000)


422
000)


418
000)














000


000


000





478
000)


000)









000)


000)







000
000


748
000





076
000)


236
000)


652
000)





000
000


500
000


100
000





000
000)


000
000)


600
000)







000)









000)







095
000)









000)


000)


000)





292
000


801
000)


423
000





518
000)


485
000)


233
000)





409
000


894
000


127
000





891
000


409
000


894
000














292
000


332
000


017
000



Cash paid during the period for income taxes
 net of refunds received

000


792
000


625
000


















908
000





445


380


791





























































































Amount of increase (decrease) in the value of a contingent consideration liability
 including
 but not limited to
 differences arising upon settlement.






















































































For the entity and the disposal group
 cash includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the Entity may deposit additional funds at any time and also effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents
 excluding items classified as marketable securities
 include short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash
 and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Compensating balance arrangements that do not legally restrict the withdrawal or usage of cash amounts may be reported as Cash and Cash Equivalents
 while legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits are not generally reported as cash and cash equivalents.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.

























































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.

























































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 excluding oil and gas property and timber property.

























































Amount of impairment loss resulting from write-down of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period
 excluding the portion taken into income
 in the liability reflecting revenue yet to be earned for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.


















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the total amount due within one year (or one operating cycle) from all parties
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.

























































Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




















































































Amount of cash outflow for cost from early extinguishment and prepayment of debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 third-party cost
 premium paid
 and other fee paid to lender directly for debt extinguishment or debt prepayment. Excludes accrued interest.




























The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination
 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.






















































































The cash outflow to acquire an agreement for an unconditional promise by the maker to pay the entity (holder) a definite sum of money at a future date. Such amount may include accrued interest receivable in accordance with the terms of the note. The note also may contain provisions including a discount or premium
 payable on demand
 secured
 or unsecured
 interest bearing or noninterest bearing
 among myriad other features and characteristics.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























Amount of cash outflow to a noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but not limited to
 reduction of noncontrolling interest ownership. Excludes dividends paid to the noncontrolling interest.

























































The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.




























The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.




























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.




























Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.




























The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 1 - Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies


May 27
 2018






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements Disclosure and Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block]
Organization
 Basis of Presentation
Landec Corporation and its subsidiaries (&#x201c;Landec&#x201d; or the &#x201c;Company&#x201d;) design
 develop
 manufacture
 and sell differentiated health and wellness products for food and biomaterials markets
) Intelimer&reg; polymers
) hyaluronan (&#x201c;HA&#x201d;) biopolymers. The Company sells specialty packaged branded Eat Smart&reg; and GreenLine&reg; and private label fresh-cut vegetables and whole produce to retailers
 club stores
 and foodservice operators
 primarily in the United States
 Canada
 and Asia through its Apio
 Inc. (&#x201c;Apio&#x201d;) subsidiary
 and sells HA-based and non-HA biomaterials through its Lifecore Biomedical
 Inc. (&#x201c;Lifecore&#x201d;) subsidiary. The Company&#x2019;s HA biopolymers and non-HA materials are proprietary in that they are specially formulated for specific customers to meet strict regulatory requirements. The Company also sells specialty olive oils and wine vinegars in the natural food
 conventional grocery and mass retail stores primarily in the United States and Canada through its O Olive and Vinegar&reg; brand. The Company&#x2019;s technologies
 along with its customer relationships and trade names
 are the foundation
The consolidated financial statements are presented on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (&#x201c;GAAP&#x201d;) and include the accounts of Landec Corporation and its subsidiaries
 May 2018

20
360
Property

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= background-color:#FFFFFF;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= background-color:#FFFFFF;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= background-color:#FFFFFF;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 45pt; vertical-align: top; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 45pt; vertical-align: top; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 45pt; vertical-align: top; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 18pt; vertical-align: top; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 18pt; vertical-align: top; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 18pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 18pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 18pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 18pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 18pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 18pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 18pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentHoldingsTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= background-color:#FFFFFF;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0px cellpadding=0pt cellspacing=0pt style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td colspan=3 style=vertical-align: top; width: 11%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td colspan=6 rowspan=1 style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 0.9%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td colspan=3 style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 11%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 13%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 13%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 0.9%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 12%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 12%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.9%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 12%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 12%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.9%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 12%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 12%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.9%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 12%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 12%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.9%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 12%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 12%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.9%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 12%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 12%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.9%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 12%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 12%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.9%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 12%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 12%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.9%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 0px 3px; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: medium double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px; border-bottom: medium double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 0px 3px; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: medium double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px; border-bottom: medium double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=14 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=6 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 rowspan=1 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= background-color:#FFFFFF;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 52%; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 40%; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 55%; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px rgb(0
 0
 0); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


2018
 non-controlling interest of its subsidiary
 Apio Cooling
 controlled through voting or similar rights are reviewed under the guidance for variable interest entities (&#x201c;VIEs&#x201d;). A company is required to consolidate the assets
An entity is a VIE and subject to consolidation
 sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support provided by any parties
 characteristics: (i)&nbsp;the power
 through voting rights or similar rights to direct the activities of an entity that most significantly impact the entity&#x2019;s economic performance
 (ii)&nbsp;the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity
 or (iii)&nbsp;the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity. The Company reviewed the consolidation guidance and concluded that the partnership interest and equity investment in the&nbsp;non-public company by the Company are 



Use of Estimates
 Policy [Policy Text Block]




Concentration Risk
 Credit Risk
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Cash and cash equivalents
 marketable securities
 trade accounts receivable
 grower advances and notes receivable are financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk. Our Company policy limits
 among other things
 type of investment
 other than securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government. The Company routinely assesses the financial strength of customers and growers and
 as a consequence
 believes that trade receivables
Several of the raw materials the Company uses to manufacture its products are currently purchased from a single source
 including some monomers used to synthesize Intelimer polymers
 Ltd.&nbsp;(&#x201c;Windset&#x201d;)
 minority investment
 are predominantly located in British Columbia
 Canada and Santa Maria
 California. Routinely
 May 27
 2018
 customers from the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment
 Costco Corporation (&#x201c;Costco&#x201d;) and Wal-mart
18%

 of total revenues. In addition
 of the Company&#x2019;s total revenues were derived from product sales to international customers
 May 27
 2018
 customers
18%

 May 28
 2017
 customers from the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment
 Costco Corporation (&#x201c;Costco&#x201d;) and Wal-mart
16%

 of total revenues. In addition
 of the Company&#x2019;s total revenues were derived from product sales to international customers
 May 28
 2017
 customers
18%

 of total accounts receivable.



Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 sufficient to recover the carrying value of the assets
 the assets&#x2019; carrying value is adjusted to fair value. The Company regularly evaluates its long-lived assets for indicators of possible impairment.



Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
The Company&#x2019;s financial instruments are primarily composed of commercial-term trade payables
 grower advances
 notes receivable
 debt instruments and derivative instruments. For short-term instruments
For derivative instruments that hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that are designated as cash flow hedges
 the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (&#x201c;AOCI&#x201d;) in Stockholders&#x2019; Equity and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument
 if any
 is recognized in earnings in the current period. To receive hedge accounting treatment
 components
 net income and Other Comprehensive Income (&#x201c;OCI&#x201d;). OCI refers to revenue
 expenses
 and gains and losses that under GAAP are recorded as a component of stockholders&#x2019; equity but are excluded from net income. The Company&#x2019;s OCI consists of net deferred gains and losses on its interest rate swap derivative instrument accounted for as a cash flow hedge. The components of AOCI
 net of tax
Balance as of May 28
Other comprehensive income before reclassifications
Other comprehensive income
Balance as of May 27
1
Based on these assumptions
 May 27
 May 28
 2017.



Trade and Other Accounts Receivable
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
The Company carries its accounts receivable at their face amounts less an allowance for estimated sales returns and doubtful accounts. Sales return allowances are estimated based on historical sales return amounts. Further
 on a periodic basis
Write offs
Year Ended May 29
Year Ended May 28
Year Ended May 27
 2018



Revenue Recognition
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Revenue from product sales is recognized when there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists
 title has transferred
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Allowances are established for estimated uncollectible amounts
 product returns
Apio&#x2019;s Packaged Fresh Vegetables revenues generally consist of revenues generated from the sale of specialty packaged fresh-cut and whole value-added vegetable products that are generally washed and packaged in Apio&#x2019;s proprietary packaging and sold under Apio&#x2019;s Eat Smart and GreenLine brands and various private labels. Revenue is generally recognized upon shipment of these products to customers. The Company takes title to all produce it trades and/or packages
 and therefore
Packaged Fresh Vegetables revenues also include the revenues generated from Apio Cooling
 LP
 April 26
 2018
 non-controlling interest of the limited partners
 thus dissolving Apio Cooling
 LP. See the non-controlling interest discussion further in this note for more details. Additionally
Apio&#x2019;s Food Export revenues consist of revenues generated from the purchase and sale of primarily whole commodity fruit and vegetable products to Asia through its subsidiary
 Cal-Ex Trading Company (&#x201c;Cal-Ex&#x201d;). As most Cal-Ex customers are in countries outside of the U.S.
 parties because it takes title to the product while in transit. The Company discontinued its Food Export business segment. As a result
 to report the results of the Food Export business segment as discontinued operations. The operating results for the Food Export business segment
 in all periods presented
) Ophthalmic
2018
) Orthopedic
2018
) Other/Non-HA products
Lifecore&#x2019;s business development revenues
 medical areas
Contract R&amp;D revenue is recorded as earned
 further performance obligations exist
 continuing involvement by the Company
For sales arrangements that contain multiple elements
 the Company splits the arrangement into separate units of accounting if the individually delivered elements have value to the customer on a standalone basis. The Company also evaluates whether multiple transactions with the same customer or related party should be considered part of a multiple element arrangement
 whereby the Company assesses
 among other factors
 whether the contracts or agreements are negotiated or executed within a short time frame of each other or if there are indicators that the contracts are negotiated in contemplation of each other. The Company then allocates revenue to each element based on a selling price hierarchy. The relative selling price for a deliverable is based on its vendor-specific objective evidence (&#x201c;VSOE&#x201d;)
 if available
-party evidence (&#x201c;TPE&#x201d;)
 available
 or estimated selling price
 typically able to determine VSOE or TPE
 and therefore
 contingent on the future delivery of products or services or future performance obligations or subject to customer-specific cancellation rights. The Company evaluates each deliverable in an arrangement to determine whether it represents a separate unit of accounting. A deliverable constitutes a separate unit of accounting when it has stand-alone value
 and for an arrangement that includes a general right of return relative to the delivered products or services
 delivery or performance of the undelivered product or service is considered probable and is substantially controlled by the Company. The Company considers a deliverable to have stand-alone value if the product or service is sold separately by the Company or another vendor or could be resold by the customer. Further
 met
 established fair value for any undelivered element
For licensing revenue
 the initial license fees are deferred and amortized to revenue over the period of the agreement when a contract exists
 the fee is fixed and determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Noncancellable
 nonrefundable license fees are recognized over the period of the agreement
From time to time
 the Company offers customers sales incentives
May 27
May 28
May 29
509
456
458
12
8
13
Revenue from license fees
2
4
4
524
469
476
918



Shipping and Handling Cost
 Policy [Policy Text Block]




Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
The following table provides a reconciliation of cash
 cash equivalents
May 27
May 28
May 29
2
5
9
Cash
2
5
9
894



Inventory
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
-in
 May 27
 May 28
May 27
May 28
12
10
15
10
3
3
31
23
If the cost of the inventories exceeds their net realizable value
 provisions are recorded currently to reduce them to net realizable value. The Company also records a provision for slow moving and obsolete inventories based on the estimate of demand for its products.



Advertising Costs
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
2018
2017
 million
 million
 respectively.



Receivables
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 year) using proceeds from the crops sold to Apio. Notes are interest bearing obligations
 evidenced by contracts and notes receivable. These notes and advances receivable are secured by perfected liens on crops
 months
 May 27
 May 28
 million
 respectively and are recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.




2018
2017
2016
$556
000
$514
000
$666
000


$388
 May 27
 May 28
 2017
Additionally
 unrelated to the revenue transactions above
2018
2017
2016
$0
$22
000
$32
000

 in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss)
$22
 May 27
 May 28
 2017
 



Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Property and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for major improvements are capitalized while repairs and maintenance are charged to expense. Depreciation is expensed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets
 years for furniture and fixtures
 computers
 capitalized software
 capitalized leases
 machinery
2018
2017
2016
$918
000
 million


 respectively.



Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
The Company&#x2019;s Long-Lived Assets consist of property
 plant and equipment
 years (the &#x201c;finite-lived intangible assets&#x201d;) and trademarks/trade names and goodwill with indefinite lives (collectively
 &#x201c;the indefinite-lived intangible assets&#x201d;)
 March 2017
 April 2012
Accounting guidance defines goodwill as &#x201c;the excess of the cost of an acquired entity over the net of the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at date of acquisition.&#x201d; All intangible assets
 including goodwill
 was allocated to the Other reporting unit
 the acquisition of Lifecore was allocated to the Biomaterials reporting unit
 May 27
 2018
 million of goodwill
 million of goodwill
Property
 be recoverable. The Company&#x2019;s impairment review requires significant management judgment including estimating the future success of product lines
 future sales volumes
 revenue and expense growth rates
 alternative uses for the assets and estimated proceeds from the disposal of the assets. The Company conducts quarterly reviews of idle and underutilized equipment
 and reviews business plans for possible impairment indicators. Impairment is indicated when the carrying amount of the asset (or asset group) exceeds its estimated future undiscounted cash flows and the impairment is viewed as other than temporary. When impairment is indicated
 an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between the asset&#x2019;s book value and its estimated fair value. Depending on the asset
The Company tests its indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually
 in accordance with accounting guidance. For all indefinite-lived assets
 including goodwill
 Application of the impairment tests for indefinite-lived intangible assets requires significant judgment by management
 including identification of reporting units
 assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units
 assignment of intangible assets to reporting units
2017
On a quarterly basis
 the Company considers the need to update its most recent annual tests for possible impairment of its indefinite-lived intangible assets
 based on management&#x2019;s assessment of changes in its business and other economic factors since the most recent annual evaluation. Such changes
 if significant or material
In the annual impairment test
 the Company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. In assessing the qualitative factors
 management considers the impact of these key factors: macro-economic conditions
 industry and market environment
 cost factors
 overall financial performance of the Company
 cash flow from operating activities
 market capitalization
 litigation
 (that is
 percent) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 then the quantitative test is required. Otherwise
If a quantitative test is required
 the Company would compare the carrying amount of a reporting unit that includes goodwill to its fair value. The Company determines the fair value using both an income approach and a market approach. Under the income approach
 fair value is determined based on estimated future cash flows
 discounted by an estimated weighted-average cost of capital
 which reflects the overall level of inherent risk of the Company and the rate of return an outside investor would expect to earn. Under the market-based approach
 information regarding the Company is utilized as well as publicly available industry information to determine earnings multiples that are used to value the Company. A goodwill impairment loss is recognized for the amount that the carrying amount of a reporting unit
 including goodwill
 exceeds its fair value
 February 26
 2018
 indication of impairment existed as of that date. As a result
 annual impairment test
 significant events or circumstances affecting the valuation of goodwill that indicate a need for goodwill to be further tested for impairment. Other than the goodwill attributable to the Food Export business segment

2018
2017





 February 15
 2011

 fair value

 May 28
 2017. 




 reported.&nbsp;Any projection of losses concerning the Company's liability is subject to a high degree of variability. Among the causes of this variability are unpredictable external factors such as inflation rates
 changes in severity
 benefit level changes
 medical costs
 May 27
 2018. 



Revenue Recognition
 Deferred Revenue [Policy Text Block]





The Company reports all non-controlling interests as a separate component of stockholders&#x2019; equity. The non-controlling interest&#x2019;s share of the income or loss of the consolidated subsidiary is reported as a separate line item in our Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss)
2018
 non-controlling interest of its subsidiary
 Apio Cooling
 LP (&#x201c;Apio Cooling&#x201d;)
 million
 which represents the difference between the cash paid and the book value of the Apio Cooling non-controlling interest account
 million
 immediately preceding the purchase.



Income Tax
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 be realized. Changes in valuation allowances from period to period are included in the Company&#x2019;s income tax provision in the period of change. In determining whether a valuation allowance is warranted
 the Company takes into account such factors as prior earnings history
 expected future earnings
 unsettled circumstances that
 if unfavorably resolved
 would adversely affect utilization of a deferred tax asset
 carryback and carryforward periods

 2018
In addition to valuation allowances
 the Company establishes accruals for uncertain tax positions. The tax-contingency accruals are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances
 such as the progress of tax audits
elapse before a particular matter
 for which the Company has accrued
 is audited and finally resolved. The number of years with open tax audits varies by jurisdiction. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular tax matter
 the Company believes its tax-contingency accruals are adequate to address known tax contingencies. Favorable resolution of such matters could be recognized as a reduction to the Company&#x2019;s effective tax rate in the year of resolution. Unfavorable settlement of any particular issue could increase the effective tax rate. Any resolution of a tax issue 



Earnings Per Share
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Accounting guidance requires the presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share. Basic earnings per share excludes any dilutive effects of options
 warrants and convertible securities and is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution as if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. Diluted common equivalent shares consist of stock options and restricted stock units
&nbsp;The following table sets forth the computation of diluted net income (loss)&nbsp;per share (in thousands
May 27
May 28
May 29
24
10
(11
27
27
27
27
27
27
1
495
1
428
 May 27
 May 28
 2017

 included in the computation of diluted net income per share because the options&#x2019; exercise price were greater than the average market price of the Common Stock and
 therefore
2016




Cost of Sales
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
The Company includes in cost of sales all the costs related to the sale of products. These costs include the following: raw materials (including produce
 packaging
 syringes and fermentation and purification supplies)
 direct labor
 overhead (including indirect labor
 depreciation
 and facility related costs) and shipping and shipping related costs.



Research and Development Expense
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Costs related to both research and development contracts and Company-funded research is included in research and development expenses. Research and development costs are primarily comprised of salaries and related benefits
 supplies
 travel expenses
 consulting expenses and corporate allocations.



Share-based Compensation
 Option and Incentive Plans Policy [Policy Text Block]
May 27
May 28
May 29
1
1
1
2
2
2
4
3
3
May 27
May 28
May 29
Selling
3
3
2
4
3
3
The estimated fair value for stock options
 which determines the Company&#x2019;s calculation of stock-based compensation expense
The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility and expected life of option awards

 2018
 May 28
 May 29
 2016
May 27
May 28
May 29
 May 27
 2018
 May 28
 May 29
$2.90
 per share
 May 27
 2018
 May 28
 May 29
 2016.



Fair Value Measurement
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
-tier hierarchy for fair value measurements
 market data
 May 27
 2018

 including its interest rate swap
 its minority interest investment in Windset
The fair value of the Company&#x2019;s interest rate swap is determined based on model inputs that can be observed in a liquid market
 including yield curves
The Company has elected the fair value option of accounting for its investment in Windset. The calculation of fair value utilizes significant unobservable inputs
 including projected cash flows
 growth rates
 and discount rates. As a result
 May 27
 minority interest in the change in the fair market value of Windset during the period. In determining the fair value of the investment in Windset
At May 27
At May 28
The revenue growth
 expense growth
 and income tax rate assumptions are considered the Company's best estimate of the trends in those items over the discount period. The discount rate assumption takes into account the risk-free rate of return
 the market equity risk premium
of May 27
9
(9
(4
 for further information) is determined by utilizing significant unobservable inputs including projected earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization (&#x201c;EBITDA&#x201d;)
 growth rates and discount rates. As a result
 fair value measurement. In determining the fair value of the contingent consideration liability
Fair Value at May 27
Fair Value at May 28
1
66
63
(4
(5
1
62
57
700



New Accounting Pronouncements
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 December 22
 2017
 have the necessary information available
 prepared

 May 27
 2018
 May 27
2014
09

605
-step model to identify and recognize revenue. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue upon transfer of control of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Additionally
 the guidance requires the entity to disclose further quantitative and qualitative information regarding the nature and amount of revenues arising from contracts with customers
 as well as other information about the significant judgments and estimates used in recognizing revenues from contracts with customers. &nbsp;Since its original issuance
 and anticipates doing so using the modified retrospective method
 As a result
The Company&#x2019;s assessment efforts have included reviewing current accounting policies
 processes
 and systems requirements
-party consultants to assist in the process. Based upon the Company&#x2019;s assessment
 certain contract manufacturing arrangements within its Biomaterials segment contain termination provisions that
 upon final assessment and adoption
impact the timing of revenue recognition. Additionally
 Beyond its core revenue streams
 and the items listed above
As a result of its assessment efforts
 currently anticipate any material changes to its processes
 financial condition
09

 on its core revenue streams
 and as a result of the continued assessment
 February 2016
02
)
 also requires improved disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the amount
As a result of these efforts
 will have a significant impact on its long-term assets and liabilities
 as
 at a minimum
 &#x2013; Commitments and Contingencies
 February 2018
02
 December 15
 August 2017
12
)
 which amends the presentation and disclosure requirements and changes how companies assess effectiveness. The amendments are intended to more closely align hedge accounting with companies&#x2019; risk management strategies
 simplify the application of hedge accounting
 December 15
 2018
 June 2016
13
)
 which requires the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets including trade receivables held at the reporting date based on historical experience
 current conditions
 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years

 2019. 



Immaterial Error Correction
 Policy [Policy Text Block]

2018

 and therefore
2016
$411
000
411

) million
 million
 respectively.























































































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for recognition of costs in the period which correspond to the sales and revenue categories presented in the statement of operations. The accounting policy may include the amount and nature of costs incurred
 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.



















































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for self-insurance reserves
 including
 but not limited to incurred but not reported reserves (IBNR).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)



























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example
 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 1 - Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables)


May 27
 2018







Balance as of May 28
Other comprehensive income before reclassifications
Other comprehensive income
Balance as of May 27
1
148




Write offs
Year Ended May 29
Year Ended May 28
Year Ended May 27
 2018



Revenue Recognition
 Multiple-deliverable Arrangements [Table Text Block]
May 27
May 28
May 29
509
456
458
12
8
13
Revenue from license fees
2
4
4
524
469
476
918




May 27
May 28
May 29
2
5
9
Cash
2
5
9
894



Schedule of Inventory
 Current [Table Text Block]
May 27
May 28
12
10
15
10
3
3
31
23
620



Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block]
May 27
May 28
May 29
24
10
(11
27
27
27
27
27
27
044



Schedule of Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs [Table Text Block]
May 27
May 28
May 29
1
1
1
2
2
2
4
3
3
May 27
May 28
May 29
Selling
3
3
2
4
3
3
465



Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Options
 Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]
May 27
May 28
May 29
 2016




At May 27
At May 28
 2017



Schedule of Sensitivity Analysis of Fair Value
 Transferor's Interests in Transferred Financial Assets [Table Text Block]
of May 27
9
(9
(4
300



Schedule of Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis [Table Text Block]
Fair Value at May 27
Fair Value at May 28
1
66
63
(4
(5
1
62
57
700




































Tabular disclosure of financing receivables (examples of financing receivables include loans
 trade accounts receivable and notes receivable) and activity in the allowance for credit losses account.




























Tabular disclosure of the recognition of revenue arrangements under which the entity does or will perform multiple revenue-generating activities
 categorized by type of arrangement. This item includes certain revenue arrangements that include software elements. This item does not include multiple-deliverable arrangements for industries that prepare disclosures under specific requirements (for instance
 construction-type and production-type contracts) otherwise provided for in the taxonomy.

























































Tabular disclosure of components of comprehensive income (loss). Includes
 but is not limited to
 foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions  designated as economic hedges of a net investment in foreign entity
 gain (loss) and prior service cost (credit) for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans.




























Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.

























































Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).




























Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.




























Tabular disclosure of a sensitivity analysis or stress test showing the hypothetical effect on the fair value of the transferor's interests in transferred financial assets (including any servicing assets or servicing liabilities) of two or more unfavorable variations from the expected levels for each key assumption that is reported
 independently determined from any change in another key assumption
 and a description of the objectives
 methodology
 and limitations of the sensitivity analysis or stress test.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 27
 2018






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block]
May 27
May 28
90
86
2
1
Computers
 capitalized software
 machinery
120
97
1
1
13
6
228
193
(68
(60
159
133
220







Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 27
 2018







Balance as of May 31
48
7
56
(34
(34
Balance as of May 29
14
6
21
1
2
Balance as of May 28
16
6
22
Balance as of May 27
16
5
21
842







Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 27
 2018






Share-based Compensation
 Activity [Table Text Block]
Balance at May 31
881
392
1
736
(443
177
265
(32
(220
28
(11
(24
(25
Balance at May 29
465
526
1
731
(370
130
240
(130
(357
59
(17
(42
Balance at May 28
155
509
1
571
1
000
(698
200
498
(270
(29
85
(30
(23
(61
Balance at May 27
542
408
1
955
335



Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 by Exercise Price Range [Table Text Block]
1
955
1
937
1
383
1
122
822



Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding [Table Text Block]
1
383
1
122
571
815
1
955
1
937
832







Tabular disclosure for share-based compensation plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure of number
 weighted-average exercise price or conversion ratio
 aggregate intrinsic value
 and weighted-average remaining contractual term for outstanding options that are fully vested and expected to vest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.




























Tabular disclosure of option exercise prices
 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under option
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 27
 2018







May 27
May 28
Term loan with JPMorgan Chase Bank (&#x201c;JPMorgan&#x201d;)
 BMO Harris Bank N
A. (&#x201c;BMO&#x201d;)
 and City National Bank (&#x201c;CNB&#x201d;); due in quarterly principal and interest payments of $1
250 beginning December 1
 2016 through September 23
 2021 with the remainder due on maturity
42
47
42
47
Total long-term debt
42
47
Less: current portion of long-term debt
(4
(4
Long-term debt
37
42
299




5
5
5
27
42
500







Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 27
 2018







May 27
May 28
May 29
(2
1
2
(2
1
2
(7
2
(9
(6
2
(9
(9
4
(7
704




May 27
May 28
May 29
4
4
(6
State income taxes
(14
(9
4
(7
704




May 27
May 28
1
3
1
2
1
2
2
1
7
9
(1
(1
5
8
(3
(11
(8
(11
(11
(10
(23
(33
(17
(24
581




May 27
May 28
May 29
 2016







Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 27
 2018







3
2
2
1
1
8
21
036




3
5
(1
3
3
641







Tabular disclosure of future minimum lease payments as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented
 in aggregate and for each of the five years succeeding fiscal years
 with separate deductions from the total for the amount representing executor costs
 including any profit thereon
 included in the minimum lease payments and for the amount of the imputed interest necessary to reduce the net minimum lease payments to present value.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 27
 2018







May 27
May 28
May 29
 2016



Schedule of Segment Reporting Information
 by Segment [Table Text Block]
Year Ended May 27
454
65
3
524
78
24
102
49
28
78
17
11
(3
25
251
129
23
404
8
3
12
11
16
5
33
1
1
Interest expense
1
1
(9
2
(2
(9
Year Ended May 28
408
59
2
469
69
29
98
51
26
1
79
2
10
(2
10
211
104
42
358
7
3
10
11
11
23
1
1
Interest expense
1
1
2
4
Year Ended May 29
423
50
2
476
81
21
103
40
24
2
66
(32
9
10
(11
212
98
31
342
6
2
9
27
12
39
1
1
Interest expense
1
1
1
(10
(7
704




































Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 27
 2018







115
122
144
141
524
18
14
19
24
78
2
16
6
25
2
16
6
24
109
110
129
121
469
20
17
22
19
79
3
3
2
10
3
1
3
2
10
590




4
18
3
2
2
3
6
20
(3
(9
(20
(3
(2
(2
(6
(11
(22
6
5
23
3
4
3
9
9
26
(2
(4
(9
(3
(4
(3
(5
(8
(12
859







Tabular disclosure of prior period adjustments to previously issued financial statements including (1) the effect of the correction on each financial statement line item and any per-share amounts affected for each prior period presented (2) the cumulative effect of the change on retained earnings or other appropriate components of equity or net assets in the statement of financial position
 as of the beginning of the earliest period presented
 and (3) the effect of the prior period adjustments (both gross and net of applicable income tax) on the net income of each prior period presented in the entity's annual report for the year in which the adjustments are made.




























Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 27
 2018






Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Table Text Block]
May 27
May 28
Current and other assets
1
1
Total assets
2
Other current liabilities
1
Total other current liabilities
2
May 27
May 28
May 29
29
62
64
(27
(58
(60
Selling
(2
(3
(3
(1
(Loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of tax







Tabular disclosure of information related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 1 - Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details Textual)




































































Apr. 25
 2018
Jul. 15
 2014

















































400
000


900
000


100
000







Financing Receivable
 Net
 Total

















700
000


000
000









Capitalized Computer Software
 Additions

















000


200
000


000







Goodwill
 Ending Balance

















510
000


510
000









Impairment of Intangible Assets
 Indefinite-lived (Excluding Goodwill)





















000
000







Goodwill
 Impairment Loss




























Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
 Ending Balance



















543
000









Deferred Tax Assets
 Valuation Allowance
 Total

















337
000


325
000









Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount | shares

















495
380


428
272









Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Ending Balance | $ / shares




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value | $ / shares




























Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities
 Total



300
000


336
000


450
000


626
000


712
000


969
000




779
000


738
000


762
000







Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities
 Total



746
000)


463
000)


869
000)


859
000)


909
000)


624
000)




589
000)


422
000)


418
000)




































Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities
 Total



202
000


006
000


581
000


445
000


185
000


502
000






000


200
000)







Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities
 Total



202
000)


006
000)


581
000)


445
000)


185
000)


502
000)






000)


200
000




































Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount | shares





















600
000







Apio Cooling
 LP [Member]






























700
000



























Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital
 Noncontrolling Interest

600
000



























Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
 Ending Balance



500
000






















































Impairment of Intangible Assets
 Indefinite-lived (Excluding Goodwill)

























































Finite-Lived Intangible Asset
 Useful Life

























































Finite-Lived Intangible Asset
 Useful Life

























































Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life

























































Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life




























Furniture and Fixtures
 Computers
 Capitalized Software
 Capitalized Leases
 Machinery
 Equipment and Autos [Member] | Minimum [Member]




























Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life




























Furniture and Fixtures
 Computers
 Capitalized Software
 Capitalized Leases
 Machinery
 Equipment and Autos [Member] | Maximum [Member]




























Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life

























































Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life

























































Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life

























































Accounts Receivable
 Related Parties
 Current

















000


000









Windset [Member] | Accounts Payable
 Related Parties [Member]




























Accounts Payable
 Related Parties



















000
























































000


000


000



























000


000




































Goodwill
 Ending Balance

















200
000


200
000


200
000




































Goodwill
 Ending Balance

















900
000


900
000


900
000




































Goodwill
 Ending Balance

















400
000


400
000


400
000







O Olive &amp; Vinegar [Member] | Scenario
 Forecast [Member]




























Business Combination
 Anticipated Future Earnings (Loss) After Acquisition















000
000













Customer Concentration Risk [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Goods
 Net [Member]

























































Concentration Risk
 Percentage




























Customer Concentration Risk [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Goods
 Net [Member] | HA Based Biomaterials [Member] | Ophthalmic [Member]




























Concentration Risk
 Percentage




























Customer Concentration Risk [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Goods
 Net [Member] | HA Based Biomaterials [Member] | Orthopedic [Member]




























Concentration Risk
 Percentage




























Customer Concentration Risk [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Goods
 Net [Member] | HA Based Biomaterials [Member] | Other/Non-HA [Member]




























Concentration Risk
 Percentage




























Customer Concentration Risk [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Goods
 Net [Member] | Costco and Wal-mart [Member]

























































Customer Concentration Risk [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Goods
 Net [Member] | Costco [Member]




























Concentration Risk
 Percentage




























Customer Concentration Risk [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Goods
 Net [Member] | Wal-mart [Member]




























Concentration Risk
 Percentage




























Customer Concentration Risk [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Goods
 Net [Member] | International Customers [Member]




























Concentration Risk
 Percentage



















































































































Concentration Risk
 Percentage

























































Concentration Risk
 Percentage






















































































Apio Cooling
 LP [Member]




























Business Acquisition
 Percentage of Voting Interests Acquired




























Apio Cooling
 LP [Member] | Apio [Member]




















































































































































Represents the number of major customers accounting for 10% or more of the specified concentration risk benchmark
 which includes
 but not limited to
 sales revenue
 accounts receivable
 etc.






















































































Amount of receivables arising from transactions with related parties due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.



















































































































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.

























































Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































Amount of impairment loss resulting from write-down of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























Net amount of the investment in a contractual right to receive money on demand or on fixed or determinable dates that is recognized as an asset in the creditor's statement of financial position. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 credit card receivables
 notes receivable and receivables relating to lessor's rights to payments from leases other than operating leases that have been recorded as assets. Excludes trade accounts receivable with contractual maturity of one year or less and arose from the sale of goods or services.

























































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.

























































Amount of revenue
 fees and commissions earned from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 1 - Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Components of Other Comprehensive Income (Details) - USD ($)



May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016




152







Other comprehensive income
 net










562


152





Accumulated Gain (Loss)
 Net
 Cash Flow Hedge
 Parent [Member]

















Other comprehensive income before reclassifications
 net of tax effect

















Other comprehensive income
 net










148











Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).






















































































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 1 - Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Allowance for Sales Returns and Doubtful Accounts (Details) - USD ($)



May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016




















Write offs
 net of recoveries





















For an unclassified balance sheet
 a valuation allowance for receivables due a company that are expected to be uncollectible.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 1 - Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Revenue Arrangements (Details) - USD ($)




May 27
 2018
Feb. 25
 2018
Nov. 26
 2017
Aug. 27
 2017
May 28
 2017
Feb. 26
 2017
Nov. 27
 2016
Aug. 28
 2016
May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016




076


909


461


781


265


292


164


055


227


776


918














































096


512


985














































531


431


400



Revenue from License Fees
 R&amp;D Contracts and Royalties/Profit Sharing [Member]










































600


833


533







Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 1 - Organization
 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Reconciliation of Cash
 Cash Equivalents (Details) - USD ($)
May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015




899
000


998
000


968
000





Cash
 discontinued operations

000)


000)


000)







891
000


409
000


894
000


127
000







Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























For the entity and the disposal group
 cash includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the Entity may deposit additional funds at any time and also effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents
 excluding items classified as marketable securities
 include short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash
 and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Compensating balance arrangements that do not legally restrict the withdrawal or usage of cash amounts may be reported as Cash and Cash Equivalents
 while legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits are not generally reported as cash and cash equivalents.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 1 - Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Components of Inventories (Details) - USD ($)
May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017




861


015





286


158





672


447





819


620







Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of merchandise or goods in the production process expected to be completed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 1 - Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Diluted Net Income Per Share (Details) - USD ($)
 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands




May 27
 2018
Feb. 25
 2018
Nov. 26
 2017
Aug. 27
 2017
May 28
 2017
Feb. 26
 2017
Nov. 27
 2016
Aug. 28
 2016
May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016





























108


088




146


452


500


326


312


829


590


641)














































535


276


044







































































915


652


044


























































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




















































































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























This element represents the weighted average total number of shares issued throughout the period including the first (beginning balance outstanding) and last (ending balance outstanding) day of the period before considering any reductions (for instance
 shares held in treasury) to arrive at the weighted average number of shares outstanding. Weighted average relates to the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares have been issued and outstanding to the total time in that period. Such concept is used in determining the weighted average number of shares outstanding for purposes of calculating earnings per share (basic).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 1 - Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Stock-based Compensation (Details) - USD ($)



May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016




403


964


465







































Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses [Member]










737


396


970














488


230


352














915


734


113







Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 1 - Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Fair Value of Stock Option
 Weighted Average Assumptions (Details)



May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016







































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.

























































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 1 - Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Significant Unobservable Inputs Used in Discounted Cash Flow Models (Details) - Windset [Member]



May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017


Measurement Input
 Long-term Revenue Growth Rate [Member]













Measurement Input
 Long-term Expense Growth Rate [Member]













Measurement Input
 Income Tax Rates [Member]













Measurement Input
 Discount Rate [Member]


































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 1 - Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Assumptions Used in Discounted Cash Flow Models (Details)
































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 1 - Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities (Details) - USD ($)
May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017





500


600



Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member] | Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member]































Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member] | Interest Rate Swap [Member] | Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member]















Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member] | Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member]


























529





Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member] | Interest Rate Swap [Member] | Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member]










529





Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3 [Member] | Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member]










500


600






000)


900)






500


700



Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3 [Member] | Interest Rate Swap [Member] | Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member]



























































Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.










































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 01
 2017
May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016


Payments to Acquire Businesses
 Gross





500
000





Business Combination
 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Change in Amount of Contingent Consideration
 Liability



900
000)













300
000





Goodwill
 Ending Balance



510
000


510
000
















Payments to Acquire Businesses
 Gross

500
000









Business Combination
 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Range of Outcomes
 Value
 High

500
000
























000
000







Business Combination
 Contingent Consideration
 Liability
 Total



000
000


900
000





Business Combination
 Pro Forma Information
 Revenue of Acquiree since Acquisition Date
 Actual



800
000







Business Combination
 Pro Forma Information
 Earnings or Loss of Acquiree since Acquisition Date
 Actual



000)







Finite-Lived Intangible Asset
 Useful Life










Goodwill
 Ending Balance

200
000









Business Acquisition
 Transaction Costs





000


















000






















600
000









O Olive &amp; Vinegar [Member] | Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses [Member]










Business Combination
 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Change in Amount of Contingent Consideration
 Liability



900
000


















Business Combination
 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Range of Outcomes
 Value
 High



600
000


















Business Combination
 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Range of Outcomes
 Value
 High



900
000








































Cumulative amount of EBITDA needed for additional dollar for dollar contingent consideration
 up to $2.9 million.




























Amount of direct costs of the business combination including legal
 accounting
 and other costs incurred to consummate the business acquisition.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in the value of a contingent consideration liability
 including
 but not limited to
 differences arising upon settlement.




























For contingent consideration arrangements recognized in connection with a business combination
 this element represents an estimate of the high-end of the potential range (undiscounted) of the consideration which may be paid.



















































































































Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Amount of increase in assets
 excluding financial assets
 lacking physical substance with a definite life
 from an acquisition.

























































Amount of increase in assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with an indefinite life
 from an acquisition.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Jul. 15
 2014
Jul. 15
 2014
Feb. 15
 2011
Oct. 29
 2014
May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016
Feb. 25
 2018


Investment Income
 Dividend









650
000


650
000


650
000
























Preferred Stock
 Dividend Rate
 Percentage
























































Investment Income
 Dividend









700
000


700
000


700
000


































900
000


000


200
000
























Payments to Acquire Investments
 Total



000
000















Dividends on Investment
 Timeframe to Be Paid After Anniversary


















Preferred Stock
 Liquidation Preference
 Value









100
000




























Investment
 Preferred Stock
 Dividends Declared











































000













Payments to Acquire Investments
 Total





000
000













Preferred Stock
 Liquidation Preference
 Value









000
000















































Payments to Acquire Investments
 Total







































211


211















Preferred Stock
 Liquidation Preference
 Value









100
000




































000











Payments to Acquire Investments
 Total







000
000











Preferred Stock
 Dividend Rate
 Percentage





































Investments
 Value of Shares with Put Option







500
000






























Investments
 Value of Shares with Put Option







750
000






























Investments
 Value of Shares with Put Option







750
000


























































































































































































































The cash outflow associated with the purchase of all investments (debt
 security
 other) during the period.







































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016


Depreciation
 Depletion and Amortization
 Nonproduction
 Total

000
000


600
000


200
000





000


000


000



Capitalized Computer Software
 Amortization

000


000


000



Capitalized Computer Software
 Net
 Ending Balance

500
000


200
000







000


000


000







The expense charged against earnings for the periodic recognition of capitalized leases. This element may apply to energy companies that lease mineral producing properties and to other enterprises that capitalize property
 plant
 or equipment obtained through capital leases.






















































































The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017




510


631





886)


411)





624


220












712


983












607


190












418


375












673


272












100


811










Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life










Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Mar. 01
 2017
May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016


Goodwill
 Ending Balance



510
000


510
000





Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Amortization Expense
 Year Two



000







Goodwill
 Impaired
 Accumulated Impairment Loss



800
000







Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Amortization Expense
 Next Twelve Months



000







Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Amortization Expense
 Year Three



000







Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Amortization Expense
 Year Four



000







Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Amortization Expense
 Year Five



000


















Finite-Lived Customer Relationships
 Gross



700
000


















Finite-Lived Customer Relationships
 Gross



500
000


















Goodwill
 Ending Balance

200
000









Finite-Lived Customer Relationships
 Gross



000







Finite-Lived Intangible Asset
 Useful Life





















Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Accumulated Amortization



000


000
















Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Accumulated Amortization



100
000


100
000
















Finite-Lived Intangible Asset
 Useful Life





















Finite-Lived Intangible Asset
 Useful Life





















Finite-Lived Intangible Asset
 Useful Life





















Goodwill
 Ending Balance



400
000


400
000


400
000














Goodwill
 Ending Balance



900
000


900
000


900
000














Goodwill
 Ending Balance



200
000


200
000


200
000




































Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.



























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016




811
000


396
000


263
000









000
000)





000)


000)


000)





842
000


811
000


396
000







300
000
















028
000


428
000


428
000









000
000)














028
000


028
000


428
000







600
000
















783
000


968
000


835
000














000)


000)


000)





814
000


783
000


968
000







000









The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount of increase in assets
 excluding financial assets
 lacking physical substance with a definite life
 from an acquisition.




























Amount of impairment loss resulting from write-down of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Oct. 19
 2017
May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016
Jul. 27
 2018
May 31
 2015
Oct. 10
 2013
Jul. 14
 2010
Oct. 15
 2009


Common Stock
 Voting Rights




















Preferred Stock
 Shares Authorized



000
000

















Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding
 Ending Balance




















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Additional Shares Authorized



000
000

















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Available for Grant



275


239


968




143













652


089


550

















478
000


000















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options Vested
 Outstanding Number



383
732


021
097















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Nonvested
 Number of Shares
 Ending Balance



603


445















Issuance of common stock
 per share (in dollars per share)




















Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Number of Exercisable Options
 Ending Balance



692

















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period
 Intrinsic Value



000

















Stock Repurchase Program
 Authorized Amount















000
000





Treasury Stock
 Shares
 Acquired









































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period



000






































Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized
 Total



800
000

















Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized
 Period for Recognition









































Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized
 Period for Recognition









































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized



900
000

















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Additional Shares Authorized

000
000



















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Available for Grant













000
000











070
705






































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Maximum Number of Shares Per Employee



000






































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Maximum Number of Shares Per Employee



000






































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Maximum Number of Shares Per Employee



000






































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized

















900
000













667












































As of the balance sheet date
 the number of shares into which fully vested stock options outstanding can be converted under the option plan.




























Description of voting rights of common stock. Includes eligibility to vote and votes per share owned. Include also
 if any
 unusual voting rights.

























































Weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.



















































































































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).






















































































The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).




























The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.
















































































































































For net-share settlement of share-based awards when the employer settles employees' income tax withholding obligations
 this element represents the number of shares the employees use to repay the employer.
































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016




239


968


143














288)


522)


175)























324




000







793)
















275


239


968





955
335




















793
















000
000


















355


841


771














288


522


675














656


508


439





656)


508)


439)














950)


500)


166)























037


355


841























950


500


166














571
542


731
474


736
718














000


000


500














333)


639)


717)














334)


293)


473)














540)




554)














955
335


571
542


731
474




































































































































The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
















































































































































Number of equity instruments other than options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested instruments.

























































The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.



















































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.










































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017


















955
335












Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Ending Balance








937
832







383
732














122
822
































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.
















































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands




May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options Vested
 Outstanding Number

383
732


021
097



















122
822







603





















010







955
335





















937
832






































As of the balance sheet date
 the number of shares into which expected to vest stock options outstanding can be converted under the option plan.




























As of the balance sheet date
 the weighted-average exercise price for outstanding stock options that are expected to vest.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for expected to vest options outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































As of the balance sheet date
 the number of shares into which fully vested stock options outstanding can be converted under the option plan.




























As of the balance sheet date
 the weighted-average exercise price for outstanding stock options that are fully vested.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for fully vested options outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Amount by which current fair value of underlying stock exceeds exercise price of fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.




























Number of fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding that can be converted into shares under option plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.




























Weighted-average exercise price
 at which grantee can acquire shares reserved for issuance
 for fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Sep. 23
 2016
May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016
Nov. 01
 2016


Long-term Debt
 Total



300
000


239
000







Debt Issuance Costs
 Net
 Total



000


000







Line of Credit
 Current



000
000


000
000







Gain (Loss) on Extinguishment of Debt
 Total

200
000)




233
000)









000




000









000
000
























Interest Expense
 Other



000


000


000


















Derivative
 Notional Amount









000
000
















Derivative
 Fixed Interest Rate












Credit Agreement With JPMorgan Chase
 BMO Harris Bank
 and City National Bank [Member]












Debt Instrument
 Additional Borrowing Amount

000
000











Debt Issuance Costs
 Net
 Total





000







Credit Agreement With JPMorgan Chase
 BMO Harris Bank
 and City National Bank [Member] | Prime Rate [Member] | Minimum [Member]












Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate












Credit Agreement With JPMorgan Chase
 BMO Harris Bank
 and City National Bank [Member] | Prime Rate [Member] | Maximum [Member]












Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate












Credit Agreement With JPMorgan Chase
 BMO Harris Bank
 and City National Bank [Member] | Eurodollar [Member] | Minimum [Member]












Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate












Credit Agreement With JPMorgan Chase
 BMO Harris Bank
 and City National Bank [Member] | Eurodollar [Member] | Maximum [Member]












Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate












Credit Agreement With JPMorgan Chase
 BMO Harris Bank
 and City National Bank [Member] | Term Loan [Member]












Long-term Debt
 Total

000
000











Debt Instrument
 Term












Debt Instrument
 Periodic Payment
 Total

250
000











Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Effective Percentage












Debt Issuance Costs
 Net
 Total





000







Credit Agreement With JPMorgan Chase
 BMO Harris Bank
 and City National Bank [Member] | Revolving Credit Facility [Member]












Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity

000
000











Debt Issuance Costs
 Net
 Total





000







Line of Credit
 Current

500
000


000
000









Credit Agreement With JPMorgan Chase
 BMO Harris Bank
 and City National Bank [Member] | Revolving Credit Facility [Member] | Prime Rate [Member]












Line of Credit Facility
 Interest Rate at Period End












Long-term Line of Credit
 Total



000
000









Credit Agreement With JPMorgan Chase
 BMO Harris Bank
 and City National Bank [Member] | Revolving Credit Facility [Member] | London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) [Member]












Line of Credit Facility
 Interest Rate at Period End












Long-term Line of Credit
 Total



000
000






























































































































































Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.



















































































































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of cash outflow for cost from early extinguishment and prepayment of debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 third-party cost
 premium paid
 and other fee paid to lender directly for debt extinguishment or debt prepayment. Excludes accrued interest.










































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017




500


500










Total long-term debt
 net of unamortized debt issuance costs

300


239



Less: current portion of long-term debt
 net

940)


940)



Long-term debt
 net

360


299












500


500







Amount
 before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017




250


250



































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017




000







000







000







500





















500


500







Amount
 before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Aug. 26
 2016
May 26
 2019
May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016
May 30
 2016
May 31
 2015


Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate
 Percent
















Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 Provisional Effect on Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
 Amount





200
000











Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Repatriation of Foreign Earnings
 Amount





800
000











Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Percent
 Total






















000











Additional Paid in Capital
 Ending Balance





087
000


680
000









Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit)
 Ending Balance





299
000


470
000









Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Net
 Total





230
000


007
000









Deferred Tax Assets
 Valuation Allowance
 Total





337
000


325
000









Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Ending Balance





000


000


000




000









000

















000




























Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Total





100
000











Tax Credit Carryforward
 Amount





000




























Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Total





600
000











Domestic Tax Authority [Member] | Other States
 Tax Board [Member]
















Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Total





100
000




























Tax Credit Carryforward
 Amount





500
000




























Tax Credit Carryforward
 Amount





000






































000
























Additional Paid in Capital
 Ending Balance











000





Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit)
 Ending Balance











000)





Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Net
 Total











000)


































000





Excess Tax Benefits From Stock-based Compensation Reclassified From Financing Activities to Operating Activities [Member] | Fiscal Year Ended May 29
 2016 [Member]


















000















Excess Tax Benefits From Stock-based Compensation Reclassified From Financing Activities to Operating Activities [Member] | Fiscal Year Ended May 31
 2015 [Member]


















000















Scenario
 Forecast [Member]
















Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate
 Percent




















Amount of difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operation
 attributable to the provisional effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017.




























Amount of excess tax deficiencies related to stock-based compensation
 which is reflected as a component of income tax expense.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.




























Amount after tax of increase (decrease) to equity or (increase) decrease to net assets
 resulting from the cumulative effect adjustment of a new accounting principle applied in the period of adoption.






















































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.



















































































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.






















































































The amount of the tax credit carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.

























































The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.













































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016













854)


388


085























711)


509


072














122)


270


165)














652)


531


776)





363)


040


704)




















































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016





784


922


963)



State income taxes
 net of federal benefit












350)




























































363)


040


704)






































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.



















































































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to tax exempt income
 equity in earnings (loss) of an unconsolidated subsidiary
 minority noncontrolling interest income (loss)
 tax holiday
 disposition of a business
 disposition of an asset
 repatriation of foreign earnings
 repatriation of foreign earnings jobs creation act of 2004
 increase (decrease) in enacted tax rate
 prior year income taxes
 increase (decrease) in deferred tax asset valuation allowance
 and other adjustments.

























































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to tax credits. Including
 but not limited to
 research credit
 foreign tax credit
 investment tax credit
 and other tax credits.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017











421


242





955


766





247


032





032


050












082


751





337)


325)





745


426












722)


495)





201)


119)





307)


393)





230)


007)





485)


581)





























































































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.





























 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
























































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.



















































































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.





















































































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016




000


000


000





000


000


000







000)


000)





000


000


000





000)









000)


000)







000


000


000


































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










































































Operating Leases
 Rent Expense
 Total

















100
000


600
000


500
000













000















Capital Lease
 Initial Term
























Capital Lease
 Renewal Term
























Capital Lease
 Period After Which Buyout Option is Available
























Capital Leases
 Balance Sheet
 Assets by Major Class
 Net
 Total

















600
000







Capital Lease
 Monthly Lease Payment















000









Capital Lease
 Percentage Per Year By Which the Monthly Payment Increases
























Purchase Commitment
 Remaining Minimum Amount Committed

















400
000























500
000


800
000


200
000


500
000





















000


100
000


000



Litigation Settlement
 Expense

















600
000







Loss Contingency Accrual
 Ending Balance

















000
000














































200
000




































Litigation Repayment
 Receivable

















100
000
































Litigation Repayment
 Receivable

















000
































Litigation Repayment
 Receivable

















500
000
































Capital Leases
 Balance Sheet
 Assets by Major Class
 Net
 Total

















000
































Litigation Settlement
 Amount Awarded to Other Party







000










































Litigation Settlement
 Amount Awarded to Other Party







000










































Litigation Settlement
 Amount Awarded to Other Party





000
000





















800
000


400
000


























































800
000








































































































Represents the length of the capital lease
 after which a buyout option is available.




























Term of lessee's capital lease renewal
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
















































































































































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























The amount of expense provided in the period for legal costs incurred on or before the balance sheet date pertaining to resolved
 pending or threatened litigation
 including arbitration and mediation proceedings.

























































Amount of litigation expense
 including but not limited to legal
 forensic
 accounting
 and investigative fees.






















































































Minimum amount to be expended to satisfy the terms of arrangements in which the entity has agreed to expend funds to procure goods or services
 excluding long-term purchase commitments or unconditional purchase obligations.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies - Future Minimum Lease Payments Under Operating Leases
 Excluding Land Leases (Details)









737





894





258





839





719





589





036




































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
































490














394







668)







726














641


731







Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.

























































Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.

























































Present value of minimum lease payments for capital leases net of executory costs
 including amounts paid by the lessee to the lessor for insurance
 maintenance and taxes.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016


Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Discretionary Contribution Amount

















Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Matching Contribution
 Percent of Match








Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Matching Contribution
 Percent of Employees' Gross Pay

















Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Matching Contribution
 Percent of Match








Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Matching Contribution
 Percent of Employees' Gross Pay

















Defined Contribution Plan
 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee
 Percent

















Defined Contribution Plan
 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee
 Percent

























































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 27
 2018









Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










May 27
 2018
Feb. 25
 2018
Nov. 26
 2017
Aug. 27
 2017
May 28
 2017
Feb. 26
 2017
Nov. 27
 2016
Aug. 28
 2016
May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016




076


909


461


781


265


292


164


055


227


776


918














































000


300


600














































200


000


400














































100


000


200




































































































































































































400


400


200







Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










May 27
 2018
Feb. 25
 2018
Nov. 26
 2017
Aug. 27
 2017
May 28
 2017
Feb. 26
 2017
Nov. 27
 2016
Aug. 28
 2016
May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016





076



909


461


781


265



292


164


055


227



776



918






809



806


921


802


120



873


103


116


338



212



781






711



281




355


596



591




183


761



135



990)






703









608









703



608



653
























412



677



395
























590



003



695
























650



650



650

































Interest expense
 net




















950



826



987
























363)



040



704)






















































852



855



235






















































953



021



859
























130



148



479
























970



641



168)






500









381









500



381



524
























056



312



648
























171



294



533
























650



650



650

































Interest expense
 net




















554






721
























537)




























































217



802



242






















































427



392



470
























568



755



081
























631



228



499






342









492









342



492



986
























679



054



606
























454



169



162































































Interest expense
 net


















































638



938



946






















































468



053



993






















































847



363



589



























309



221
























840)



734)



679






861









735









861



735



143






















































965





































































Interest expense
 net























139



























464)






065)



































































 2018
 May 28
 2017
 and May 29





 2018
 May 28
 2017 and May 29


































































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)















































































































































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands




May 27
 2018
Feb. 25
 2018
Nov. 26
 2017
Aug. 27
 2017
May 28
 2017
Feb. 26
 2017
Nov. 27
 2016
Aug. 28
 2016
May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016




076


909


461


781


265


292


164


055


227


776


918





809


806


921


802


120


873


103


116


338


212


781





711


281




355


596


591




183


761


135


990)





108


088




146


452


500


326


312


829


590


641)


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)


















































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Feb. 25
 2018
Nov. 26
 2017
Aug. 27
 2017
Feb. 26
 2017
Nov. 27
 2016
Aug. 28
 2016
May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016


Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities
 Total

300
000


336
000


450
000


626
000


712
000


969
000


779
000


738
000


762
000



Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities
 Total

746
000)


463
000)


869
000)


859
000)


909
000)


624
000)


589
000)


422
000)


418
000)
























Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities
 Total

098
000


330
000


000)


181
000


527
000


467
000









Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities
 Total

544
000)


457
000)


288
000)


414
000)


724
000)


122
000)






























Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities
 Total

202
000


006
000


581
000


445
000


185
000


502
000




000


200
000)



Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities
 Total

202
000)


006
000)


581
000)


445
000)


185
000)


502
000)




000)


200
000







Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016











Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities
 Discontinued Operations

000


000)


000







Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of operating activities of discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 27
 2018
May 28
 2017
May 29
 2016


Cash
 discontinued operations










188)
















(Loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of tax

















Cash
 discontinued operations












184









670














Total assets
 discontinued operations



534









341














Total other current liabilities
 discontinued operations



126







222


481


181





619)


507)


005)



Selling
 general and administrative

522)


137)


334)














188)
















(Loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of tax









































Amount before tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount of tax expense (benefit) related to a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tax expense (benefit) related to income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) on disposal
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and tax expense (benefit) related to adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount classified as accounts
 notes and loans receivable attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.



















































































































Amount of costs of goods sold attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of general and administrative expense attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.






















































































Amount of other expense attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of revenue attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Derivative
 Notional Amount




Derivative
 Fixed Interest Rate
































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( (^*4T?(\\#P    !,   +    7W)E;'
O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+



][H&1\_4S?!C ;L
MT*&G#+SFP.0X


!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M


O





 %; AX(O7




L:@$R$RQR4F/O\S)$ (!-'@6(X[6+?0NXF'H I

MC;7F:9%
Q!FLQ[Y28VQZSL DTRHP*F/_-S'J:L88N, 1G/O(3&[MWF,4\
MG% \&0EP_B,_N[$7U0!F2@6^ I?X-B+:A^3N%=9-'HC&\K/IOX0P8%=6U/\



M5+0AK\M_#KMN?[]


M*^/8;(JN6*^:^KQH+M-[*H95I.]






2^&=#C/6O.646'15A4Q$O6LE(
 OE ?RF[]R/S5',& GC2W'0\U6R^N


M!9F.C8U




AV%UO



!2&;P7Y

MX3'+J6'0RH:WGH J1P_!;I\8O16\--#+R=PSG1PY?S7!EU..? 
$%$IE
A ]
M7&$/E)I$&N/7D!.-)8UQ.G_/_LGVKGLY$@E[3G\V)U7G:(N\$U3D0M4S[S_#

F@EVD'V9I%NVSLWNZ6ZE7KT4:

M_U/=L$2K+-&2Y6[&XB3)I$KBN]\


VJ+#YF9?_S'O-V%M&U:4;_



M')H=D$P


M(ZDQ'VN
I'46S9J(1AV1*:/PL



.
M;.$RQ)'7T]FQ85GZCE2\11@@.QK]E


M2Z^1BLT\0%'H^+DAI+2-4TOJP@31V&A:&DU.D 'Z;(( #$R0SZAQZHFGGLAE
M\29B@


DO7L/




MH

A@UC
 UW)@;$7O?AZW(21-D0H

M!!6[=%+_.XOHW+

-]PY5]02P
$%     @ CXH)365E


M:2_5JVX #'KC3.@
VKHQ+D'RM*,U_ 3SJSLI
M&Y%)I6PY-U*@114&7X.=\?8X3W@=PN]GLV1<W*6\M4%W\H
!ZX@8% 8IT#M










MX%0R

$146XDD4@+3X90==3^6#
MMFF/HYZ2J8CF


52
MJ&11W0 @?IZ.
[F *02
%S#E

\T20'TKJ7'6UR#K6RI5-
_Z


 L;2CP=8IH@(%0)9N& N!-P\
Q=10.6PHC XN1!IM


19.6PH# ZNC!I5
M1KJ'TGRGIJ(^/[C

(6 \0*F'&;T.2IU')8]E4L
?4

M
P#Q\(#N
]F DN%@/$B;^6PI3 \6 89)(-8%A7(( &3YAP'@!4QJ^]^\O
M9@8+(0.$$-V2SP'$@R/HMALN7U3DLHC&1Z$9*9*@*7$U!*:ZKT'9+!B
JBU

T2PXU-J$GO< XTL&(*WC.*+].C0W1QM&2V@M
M5:YGZ2S6CQ;H1WX+%#1W^NZS8B5FD1*CN:J#@ANZ=-FX6'..+MEXSZ80,![Y
MHAIUV$X8&:P=+=*.-/M8WM91:4^UL%B(6=36H1T% +$L)V!R 5,(&]@RF$F


 Q(

MA*8RW?/TC
-ZR0&]Q/H) .)Q%.@E 5
XKG
2%=

M!Q0A?0AS[K@BI





_P$\:O=

;;D&F/2RKC??^6_JQKE[7L
,&'AF P!$L-X6 ()P;4EZ+W9HL%+G)&.XOU_VZ+U2'R5J'<_8.:U)NMO\GM
MX7+V6GB1EZ.KAHT3[W&O]/XCXK-7!%

3)T;B9 %QLH@XF1T7


$%




TEG9

Z-]#9; 
S-C _&IC9!CPVX*C!^I3*T#=YT1:W

:<$.92N-*:V5\J)^8M-&]!]@X'R& 3&9O?93]
M26
ODR+6)+
'0IR]% 83;#)W!ZT[8#U$UIVX$;

+9\--;$;H-T [




AP


RET)OW0
+^T!)@1

S#('PC #
M

 ^4EMP
&3#5M


MP3FP5 (E!6? C$5*Y;*9





Q3 F1Q0KKQ7


'T8; [2%&&T,3AW1\1[2.9!E
MCH39SF9Q8RSCP]3H3 R+$ .2%&#A )3/X/36XENDR8.<VWF#@6$?$Q!E%



 S]


M$:0

M9&S^!YQ 8GI0@C4*(UW\DJ)SWJB1!:4H_C&
@*2P ;D7E

$XBO@/Q3N

MR#Z52)9*[)




M/P@GBLS@2

MFCA-EI0X='&25]YE8.]X?)
W^#3MWX1I9&?)!9U_V=C_&M&!3R6Y\2/4^@^V
M& IJ%XX?_=E
8S89#OOY!['E&Q=_ 5!+ P04     /B@E-4NA-




-=S2\E

LN[N-TD_*9MDW@
X$OA$.
PZ9 
?-'
MX421&1R)F7K?B_#$NR/WO2F#

MEQ!\*\2)OZ/S;?I^

M-)N5;2F;JFJE5EJE:OK
VF




0%TUMP$  -(#







$%     @ CXH)3:$F.YVV 0  T@

M




_N*0#FE?; #CRIE5K
M

MIV0+)T-LK[4P[T=0.&0TH5?'BZP;%QPL3SM1PW=P/[J3\1:;54JIH;426V*@

MQ

OP@G\M3@
M0




MOHV3O/#. WO/XYO\A8_3_BQ





_P/_LSQ8MMJA44D/GI.F(A3JG


#)1748E#^V8Q?8*[GEI*Y^&]P!87PD G&

LN[N-TL[N=:=L$/A/X0CC$.&P*%#/_++PH
FM&

KXATF[]![+7AZG[%K$)HQIPG#5YAT03!47T+PK1 G





6?
MS3AFH^&PFWX0F[]Q_@]02P


  !D   !X

M(;;36ICW(RCL4[JF'XXG6=4N.%B6M**7^!^MR?C+3:I%%)#8R4VQ$9TMOU
MX;@-^ AXEM#;V9F$2LZ(K\'X4:1T%1(!;D+L)O%[@#I8*03^//J$FGD($X

M^U:$)UX?N.]-'IRQ%?'.)V^]]Y)Q?IVP2Q :



F-
=?7


:O69
N(0-Q

5_A2LHA(=

$9I
ME(LK*0?GC9Y5






M]BL4DH-K978$@-51F^W
MA^


F/D:!





T65)@W\9)
M7GCG@;WG\4W^PL=I_R9







4JC

.4T8OL(DX*A^A*;X4X\7=T
MODU/-S-

M5]YE8!]X?)-_\&G:OPG;R

)7=#8Y0BQ]L
134/ASO\&RG
M
9L
;_KY!['E&Q=_ 5!+ P04     /B@E-5AY
'@$#  !4#@  &0   'AL





:N

MA2L  HH@&!?D\RGR+W2@T !$1!L?P*\G;LR@*0#G %(


N#B HH .*ZP$%5B]<'4!00 <4UP,*K%ZZ.H@








MPKS*[@L
&
?BO\/QN\MM9KSM:+C%P=
MT8#9]1AVAZ$C@ECV48)A$COVX
YP]Q2-



M07CL


?ED[+/K

N:H#+=R-&:#'F\98+3R:MF5NL#J-**\21YS[20/2WS
MZ#O;


WVI9YWES%

M[%RZLBUE$T6MU$JK5$V?67MLHX!Q :_3O^^ '==-_0+


MI.F(A3JG]_O#
0WX'B1,+K5F81*SL:\!N-+E=-=2 @4E#XH-PN\ !*!2%

M*+PH

96Q#M
!O8^/R/[IVG_)FPC.T?.QN/+QO[7QGC 5'97.$(M?K#%
^CLETHJP8P-54UTKX5GB0XH5&4$





RQ/


MABS.]#\Z#=/C8(6QI\=K^M
Q++ /NR]P/Z?%H^;%D.8Q[#)(6AR @\;4P
MF#@*FR1!DR0@L-N8A##;\R:KVR% U7XN-KDT/F97&67T7NF_G;]A4]S^Y6I


M2P


M4.M




:FCHP.VK&C_#7$^&T5S\5[@ =W?B8M1*6[%U6#L4K
*BX503^F


MS5OG/=2IFF:DXL7FC''9.L





MIW-B\0[PTL*H5GMD*[D*\6J-+V6& YL0







Q+GAM;&U4[6Z;

2EC8I*95M4F;%'7:
M]MN!UCU![--Z-Y^MB&







M$%R:'+?6]GM3-F8.9&]2#=EUIIP:P+=4-
KX%5@20XH9O-+1&LD[C(0NZH





=-.BDK'L^X9)KI2PX

54'@IH[U8-T)XW2@EIGZI:87@.M TEPDB;)


R%=



0T7_P\^C=1W

#HWUV[W;Z^DM3X95_3RF9/E7E'\!


8E&)^KG.Y0J@]$%!X':%)U J&$:OV9-NH0
Q/7YIOXQUHZU7(2#)Z-^
MRLJW.7V@I():#

M[;*+^SC='&ZT;0*?7PA/$0FP+%S#\(+XK

*D;X*P54\UV9.DR.E&;HXR2OO,K//+[)7_@T[5^%
M;63GR
5X?-G8_]H8#YC*[@Y'J


MMU\[











M*P WE9Q6


M%KX0X!B J@A!DA-D91&
3&13N);!:ZY*DEP5R*Z%3CTG\^&1UL'*Y;M$J%+6

MV;ALB7U(@T%*HWD#Y(8:! 92 5+--Z
S
YMTL$9AD2



M]-)'@[3M#@U&
JQ&&9;=6) (K]%9TJ9[1T)O3ACQ.0+:)0%M('B5Y:1B\K

M [';*RE&FY&M9(C&C-08
!9!1!N&Z
M(?=F
[%E#]&6 =*2Q&(K2P1FI,L
M(@'%$($9I!UA+( 4$9@A C- 8(H(S!*!6:2=U%@(D96U1& 6$P1D5HB,-M'
M8 A21,F6

KKVJ;XH3?'1
M6J!%10*'


M)V\A'7J@


M8J0#
5*36.W8XR?T_$FL@KPB

MF\\=%%E\\($?9@.!4R21AP)7 X%KC2-.!EN7.JO0TC\&)!$(X^B4?J( 4%&
M/ 1$$GJ/(EK'M1)AL1&3X*+1\%%S A AD0@3R*0!W62(?KU) 9X% .$L0 R
MS

M8DN(V#T0NR%56B R#7UDBB K'H\CB
@T$)D&(%-+5B40F88^

$$1T





M2P



^MR<'?*+RE5V^$IM0['LV^^_D3*BZTB41LFH



MH+P/$L@EL4(S.KH56
\1X02RF4.RP!U$Z




W+GAM;'U5
M76^;
!3]*XCWU7ROC0A2251MTB9%G;8^.^0FH!K

ML079+B'W@=M$[*PSUOSD79U6CM)@
HWIC U[+39+3/2065X=.DGL-ILXS28.




MV:@(2




M1X?0Q$' .:DHR?M%:9=@G*_S3P 3)MXA%R-O/495PCF!^ C8?:S#/$X#8S

.'
*R$!?IGU!9:%&%N=-L,P% F+'HO(LQ

!@!_9]P\PKAETGKN]/8&2T
%!]18WZ!S

S
_U#K3:
%[LJ^WKSS#;1FENO4NE
M/][E]W4CI1(Z=G2G2[73.^9F$(N-*DX]?9Y5^\9JH.2^WA([S;Y\_!]02P
$

W*]=W[







R3@S)D$5]9[4?A7J-AX&%
Y2=V/5Y]V=U TD:_KK%@UW?OX?4$L#!!0


NR@8[*)SY K]_47'14Z:6X
M8#D(H)4U=0R'OI_@CK8]RE
;.XD\Y5?%VAY.PI/7KJ/BSQ$8'S
4H'O@N;TT


T

MCI



MO%R6^5]02P


XV'@B7$Y:RJ??6E
MJ-9*S'Y

%?4S='M_M1ICU$5X0
M=3$/ *:+^ :IQ%W
8Q]###/? 9D0=3%/$ 9W
7
(8\1:?+DTSU\;7O8A$8(W
MB







A

H%UL^TXOC]2CEU52IHOH8H0&
MS+K'X D&C8A(JX]38&B*-?;H^.
$&Q]!'
C6AQ0Q;(* .8GE)]




U@@!072&P+WF'1B
R7.YF]\

UY@8B%S.2
R4*71#Z 'T





Z9

M.VCUFP
7#55Z*8Y$=@+HWI(:1J(@F).&UJV?I3:V%5G*3XK5+6R%)T]-0\6_







9$@A-
48(I0C ?[4*'
M63I








ME&&OFR 4AO\*X?L5I=JMC9JL=UFV9$N:N]SM
]5C-1?$ :UW_WZ UK0./Q0.
MON=]SD%H/DKUIEL @]X%[W6!6V.&/2&Z:D$P'


8FR-P$
MF.F*.6F2Y([YM(N2,8-8M( )EMAT@ FCK(P)@MBL@!FN\)D_^_@4QIM5AAR

%]F


!2&_PKB?@6;KR1*(BV)IDW:I*I3MVN:




M!#NNW


:K@UD
MPKFE%$%LI9/(0&F,*HU!/*&Q)0,R0,8D,I1H#(29
((GF&)I@A:RMLL&8
MP*H5
J#6260@=8Y*G2



(L2A)1@7ASD@P:QS9X!2W1HI8


M


M6CZA&2#FSDUFUW7OA8ST$E O ?022P9Q].)D+'=$1$$BZA EN3TPU/E(E% $
M# QU%#G D:04E)0M5,X008FR-Z?FZOLW8DW(LI!HAP@2BVBW'*?$0SD&@&
M$%E3;N5B2&R)6?LQ(R$HADTL!J3DMD/%3M%I[D:31@F KAF-A=R)AV)H54+
M .G,)PHV/@0X'XUM4=CA2G(?%^Q:+ MZFP'@&_-4@\7[#C(M1QBC^$*!*$)



+?(,!0*(%38-@(,& $E%IJL6L$*/7(Q; 18, (Z(1OX8GSG1@

  .(2

MM3AF+_*[;/\]/M7Z*KBP[/)25DVN*J^6^Z7_#[EY9+P+Z!'_Y?+47)U[72K/
M2OWH+AYW2S_L%

M&/-@8^@8\1FH
2 ;&Y(86AYM2!3_S2G0\WJ97 HGE_8$T2@90\?#&1/WF*K'
MD)B'^L](:29N\S%N))Q!X0P(9Y@@@@01((B

MX$:QK1'&6
1
M^;3@UB*XA&(W(K9%<.'P,X(]@@3$/%8Z!T!73WQAXJPEJZ]0<*K$+DT\6


_!$YQ/3PG!?



$
M%     @ CXH)36RLY-A
_N(#U#P:&A&D)M&T29L4=5KWVB%.0#68V4[HOOW\


7A;;M65G0BR!-A_?

ZK/W0



MT':


XZ8^V?W-29+.HT&J@UG:DS#/1O


Z6U!#.T_J.B
.W;UWGSF!
@=0O@#*

.ET/3Y'J3PO[1EX;
MILM_A#%WS@_$SDW'O0

M]N

7G;ML

X%7/ZW0(P%XJU 6/$#
ROU8][ERWFC3T$S/*U#WA\*?BO
E[GN%^UW
M9S\S:ENS^KR


M$
U8PJ?GSD6E
DL]9%)()@5D9KA!!AMD5ZC)')XD63(1XX(XSSQ/AC


M)0$4)9ZTXSA?. J8Q-





8R8G5;W6.RFU\U;D93UU=UKO'SVO7NUDD=8/:B]+





ZS%. *\3?P?=QT2
:/



JC+ 84B#*B]J?S$S?8_-



M]3CQ%2]+[4GQ^-

M)

M
]@ ]P9X




P%$F8!+[BC$);+\..U

N5H/K*?4B95 RRD8'6DKWNS
=:'UUN)8
M2WTR'/4.5Y('K(_$5O]27U7



V

 VT
C))D$+!%NT?59L.A96%U=2XNW?5Q?&:Y$S6F\


MO

51\P




MU&R 


M=R
&)IAHBDE
M
0P[8_QNZ
_C#_CXPY!!3#)8PY*


M]RY

M)

#FJSMD*G LHX-AI.!$)*HB7H2

M
J!H


L4QA



X
#B?4RQ%A2D7D((3)76&Z]1K09(#E3+V$@#FF36(/
MQ*E?19@VG7K=WT6SXTMHF&







@/=?][]?!:-^5QK*65<BR^#7_WI_[O^UC_]V*X (T%Z%)
MQU<+F+& ^5' 7U@QP*6%=@

M#W;_OW9XZO;JVWWLLMO-6U?1R&P'AB:








2DWN)D:\CR$H AIP$86$C
3@RC8Q
FP7LWP0VAQ;M#J'MH40[


MYHYXV\:8YNLSA+7KLX ;6AQC%L487Y]9&3P?XM;*N:^ RL0:#=5%SKG 3+$X
MQ2QX\4O$5C^A 2+^:(*ZI&I951:E+IO^!#J 
]0NR5 +$H]M
8Y=6!BV.0)9
MV
[5!PY:%IVT+

MNF- =GVK;_+A









X7]^]?[;)ZV2.1-(]9[_KDZJV;NHZ)WHF

M##8(1H-@
D#)?PWP:(#?#;!-?HC


MPP])X$42@R:UFG;0;.(8IH0@)00HX8(2KB@HW. 
QD0@)@(PT0(S:*(Y)HLB

._KP^@T/+_]:':A?@!Z4&C0 !I



MA&7-T)N G7_FF\'







$E]3CROHX)F^:P;1I/VWG!Y

3#UJ98SR;




MPW]G^]:TNAQ9.BEE]G$^YM5P/(W\GV$X@


M&

-I&PX%4OK-J:'6:9)4C%
*@9)
M!492
9
BYLHB@0
*
M0#:IV(

2.;;%8(L3I78J1*]#=FZV.=K

M-JQ'T*2T0K1(!TVP9BJPHU @D8@;12X$4CPBI7F?@B+ U'XAX@@;VE-




:(NQY$:I)U;A9:M:./$O93=*J@2-W
MQ*VN?]] 




MD@5

H26QKSRF].

  W


G Q:NL
M 53PQF@KL[!6JMLA)(L:&)$/O(-6?ZFX8$3I4)R1[ 20TA8QBO!JE2!&FC;



MQ&-!_%X06_-.F;7ZB2B2IX(/@7!_5D?
G8AVL3[

4


35@S[M6D_1*:!0*;/=ZKUPL\0%BG?C
MF$33K

M:&5E='





_&?R5 8V9Z5(_8H'S




M4@$RHO


M[6-U#.I+I=)]'Y1G 0W#.


M5XNJO'G5


1S(!L;8@
IY!GQ
7X

MD



6GVH 9-
MOA9CH 
AD$9N4M#:'PFUOY4(35+4JL4%Z#^-&X^J'#? ISDU,*] %PB9[X[
M-FHW%.8YJ=!DTX6U%T*VRP!/BM


MB2
%5AI%2K/HVDL:


M@OPBN+L4UB



G1






-SMS\2H/C*GHK:E;.8\/2G4/22(W






 =N97T0 @2%!1=!P87?]^4-@C)(4'ZB[TL_

SO4-WGNF58)[7=:#GL/&3<UVRBR)7HM^&.DWBG?#
MH)6
T][B/U!+ P04     /B@E-%M'P+_

M:&5E='

RYX;6R-EF%OFS 0AO\*XGL+QF @2B(UD&F3-JGJM.TS
M39P$%3 #)^G^_6R@%

35:OK]4&=ZVY%%H![7

MV9J2R
4A*%HG[?S^K


M'_)^*)G1

M1

MXP BR/:E$)B87\N8




1$WB+#'0??O93LK OI07)#;/W?W.B1^\.*O^93A(J:/7IFZ'97S0NGM(
MDF%SD(T8[E4G6_/+3O6-T&;8[Y.AZZ78NJF3B@A6=*(JHU7S?WU*\6ZJCK

M2K51+W?+^ 

@\]H8
M-9G3M$X#*06ODU#$:#K32XJBI A*[J&



M359!CA(@8(4$CI@11!D9P4_IJ$HC+G
R@EBE*&*$ \E#*H

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#8U+GAM;'V6VXZ;,!&7P5Q
MWP7

MX:9WRT+;7EA9T*-HFYZ\






QD-TG @Z3/\'WOR3
O;5Y


M[^I&Y7F72=?QVR3U3YQ=X/GY
 8 #@% )L






 $%Q

MD:



M9

[3T!U\+^$^R


@Y4#W=X!L:
MD4[C??+T9Z0)7

M_P%W8%IN
M&





M?95OKYL@%

M/S[/^9T#!8J!\5=142J#M[;IQ:LI.S7 (AC15LBGEA/._7ES'A+I!KRQ ]


MQW8EN5-)BE8/=G[EI:P\%+N2E4/Y #'._1@8^4]LY(!@C.TC&[D[DRU4[T$/
:U8+==NH52S0DCF!:V(?.(-K?6;
M



N





M4!

M[GA5&)R(2;



MI!U)CL-A7G^VO





4L;@P=$($
8XB!@

8G^TKA
%CS .$


92@V!EW:L)A$
MA!AS[-&&R=I-S

M:]X+DW; BR; 

A9X-BQ
MFF%H.:



M2G[\KS4Z/#YS6_#T\\'ZU:[RJ3+?9^OZLIG_]_E^\W0^+(:#^_IA]F.^^;-Y




[0;II]EF=G&V:EX'J_T\\S+;3F=F
MG$HEX]NKNV&_NYD&ZCI=_7E1%

N9(C)(+1S\(
M^G%)HCQUG_!9$BXP3Z\ TR5^1U9BE[F6C&7.? 5F\JS+?$.
Z3(WB&'/FK[;









BH*15#9UQ0'6/XIDH)
M

MO0&




MH-
55-M4@-L(;HSH$AL]%6(\H6BODZ1$P=V\ROF61 S:1
!+[K6 +(6'Y.


P6Y0#00  !(2


HE)/

O5!H;2
;)BL
M+0).22!DAC&0P)DF$88UR6_B,8%0$F!SS!ME4@!A

1A7$$5
MIS9%0T5 SC.$XB&#4B.44@1H



\R'W3)'(!&F_UB0[X(04H+&PK@@K!$'%'8BLLI0N5&OD/A'J@X ;
MF_I:1C^9K66N+;2TC8DH 

M G$!'[XVY LXNP62N




M:+^!\975WVQ@?$('2XJ





MO'UX\S O62
7?QW&2Z@3D!/ C/W9P+F!.PLX)\*N!/P
M6P61$T2WH03B%L%L1/$MPH2)TC. O&I('6]Q@GPI
(EJFZ3$

MQ^WBB%V]GAAW3'0QU1VE
3N"/0=LA11A((SB$8132&ID-.F!?+AU6/\9K%-RR7
M&.F%,.*POR8(F?(()C]%0$83:,,,C4C@U',$-&\4"ZPIR'TX]^9!]<@A2.
MX1%2/$)Z0[NFL&MH!?A!.',+A_6'7(L0IIPAG\?0'UJ@XYL_(AM\#F19[C
M8L'TUM[*Y]F7WDH=WHH?NW\(;V=]#5KR;N DJB/F D[@1*HEY@).X&/COF

M.Z*G%/-_1R!L2%W??7




5





M75Q
\[




M9V-^=A^?=LLP[ACI4F]MYR)WCQ?]J




MV 0#5T3DO%^G8-04:X;

D^#D.GEO+R;V(LV\=0Z8I
?4



MTHF$8D%6(
)P&J$B-@N!2C0'


 Q]E2@/0-H.





^1

_PMC/%25C\\^P!XGP

RM

7I



QZ<!449?+RO#DU6KIM__G[_EW_^'MO@=J(X

M__:V*//@S3[?-O]/^P69X'5^5S3[.H
WWV7;O/W4VXMW+U]=!I=7U^^#_WYY



MIVP#SW?Z &)'SMD$=;[*X:&;31X&F[QI@FRSJ1YHV
 ^@G5UN-G?'C9!)B^T
M&WI3?H+VJ[KH4OO[.M]EQ3K(/P

M0NF17F I06N7A-KZ[S\L=K#1OOKU#?H9D\[QM15N7YCJE\56UW6?D8!K=9

&9=XY'C]5U?JAV'2X'/) N)OJWYOO]_AG





M_?;9YP$BYNGB





*]Z8

-O!4S=P;@+8
)SOY@ .#)[
MID6\VN/X!&6L ERE

ON?='[S
D^OM\7X 



MA43!.L?KE;;X#9%M

MW.5ECNH6/I^MMT5)*APRF



RRV



[F:!RM\VQ#U_L=R(K$Y
S)01-7T#QD

M7[-ZX9/




%]]LCG$FBT')(P1JA[QI,7[R[?T%_1
MB][;C\RM'E-EO8UJX6+\JTKCFT<FRU
9O@*_[J[Z$M.W) 2UCYQ0\]=LF$#

#T

MH+IN#]M!UCY$^N$7BX#(\@^'QW!L159\OK3?7@^'AZ/3.W] QQ+*LP9V@0
M'#$&]JFLUOGP*=6!5RM74D8&1E\2'Z?75VAZDST?5(_+W,XX*N62;9$K9H
M[/U'+_

MLZL:-&*0G:?'NS




M7(%Q*@V*&W@



!A;@



F4T

M
)10755AL

/+B$
2=QA:^XN S-:%;N-


3:2$
+G9%15^]+4#)KNI\'%S 1NIF
-
\

G@AC9$WSL




^Z_($U

MUIZH!H\L3 
#?ANV'4 WS2
:5YOB'SEYP&^,$.8_








M6VGO-1HE\CK$AS
YI
6*+4NA)Z#FK%

&_D.
MC1&U$#S-1
5\O3KZ(_:_DA2VQNA7HB.M481P]:PG1D!7'5[-%)!F%HZ%+:5'


X40(<U;]F+9
M$VXH?O!74/5RXL*.

M);XRG4WIE22-.J]8AH;? C-.J9/)C-^8Q

5VDW;:-V *(PC


MG2UE&N:=Y-



MNF-^5TGT (H]G_
596GAM I:*K06LG_EML8I8EY$!L3 _:$5]E9D/29CLJVB
M*TBMJT[WK0XERA/3+(SL;MMNW;4H4Z)^L/*Y0
N#DI?E0









_+
MB8=D.



M]AN@$96=3'002)P/^3PT!H#(



1@'T(J110/.E
MTIW)O5 Z\29V*\8

MVI:NCW2&L3&?.\)O[LX8,0,YMP6^WUN;($_5EE-BLO+ N@.%?&Q=IN16OW
MXVVV+B8\+V/F3RXOVF9_YP L').U)D@:C'B!
)^6D$IK/;L8:5.R(PR?MBXU
MX2GCP$N8+1K+Y


M

M-:9)= *LZYSC0@J-S.N%AQ4W1=FW%+=L&]O0(B OV6-VQA4P!+0*\'J
U+DQ

MM\


F44OL=*J
Q%J%

Y.+#99#


X;&3)8F^(!SSM Y3+O'







\KK!F%(?TR4[

M)[_B_^_A0RIMYI6\N^@YC








N7CIOLE6;G7;;7E

MVF=(S%U22;UZD2O!*LO55
 RFG.[(Y$S)C%G-GLZ=I_4XH(*97 9KRUENO=*






'#GMQCTXH



M&3Q5P;.%6A/EQSFDU!L(OV=]6I;X^#USBIWVA2OU@HQJ9[VIS9NYB-F2^[

MK*?:PAC8?DX1IT%BTL7Z+*(NB$$F


%C:3S6%A4B

MYE^:[POR7EW=*










^;K]_55ITPCB


M*S+K&)\(9Y=0)J564KDO9/L?4KI72F4#3IY'AL2(%W(HM)_R0E0@.N2@;L



H6$2TK ]:''-





M.


]JC
]J_SOA
YN'&O-C#[#N1&0
M72S#4WPD?8T]9)Z?A/T&*B7J0Z8DL%EKYC=72_/+8'B1B\*)NOUQK+-ECC

M1EUM%?AT&^28A6;QL&21+N V00^#4A !L.TL$(B2Z]/'
*/+
?':6GH/:1


8C-[.S@(4!=(80[*B) GA

M30UT5)Q^82M'D;)F@C\S2Y
.2-5T
?^RGGKYR8QDL)9$VW[2B*JX
5WY]T0U

IL
MBS':KES[4'NL/&_6Y:)I1/@2M,%QOD'\W1S()9&L9IXE87[!:9'R5MCX/]

MBL6

_G6\$A:WC6B7BP@9%
P2K9NN

M/)=.KMO[6O

^XMV(BF*



E_U3M

ZMJ%A-+R


MYHGY9


M/IN%



MX:I
0%%9+(




9G1_!%KZXT!_IZF=]TOL3/3E6#



-X]HQF']-?9\%4PSJG+'+)+6=7RIBV-C[1R(OR&EIG
M?P!-Q1:KHH<P 9R$ ,ZZ'\4DU(WB-#*QIGZSIJ+O4TU-V7P#W:.XQMT;5%6+
MS=37^F@:+DE2,7^\[7GJ+(##CV44:8WB)8<QGHDI@%O#UMGG5PBZMM
F@/)
M# AQ24@6MMH)0:@
5SJBL_46S]9K'PB#:[&@B.!_ 3RL]^.H_V
)EU/T^

M&H7;@U;;/6'/4 KGG5.96BCM3&]_(2^W(1G28?C #VLNL5GJVZ?JUC]SN;

%-
MR/G)W(CL9QP[9KW[QCSEA@ERHA*BENTK&ZOE;?F*ZC68_-+O92B6 MP'
)+K

PR/

')MM?AW5:A&IVT:Z[/BIKHTA0#MZC(SAR^SE IH.36

0'LG
MC

<<CN,:79/2.#;*L[6HT1QT+
MS5-A/)]0#F&*YE/N9SI'PVF$1B KV(U2PA[#5[ JXH@K$SYWTVWM<JM_C-(3
MDY0M5M-P0E$0(\PPPEE^IA7



MY;
@G3X3E^L')VG?8)FJ=/ DVJ[!

K338*(\&C^)TGC;@\I-



]XJ[46F'=5U
M

(30D'$9&PS4W^]\/ZCD


:3B8CR

MS[C2HA]6B45)S3:Z
WFB1GR7VQR1RW\=[$3YKAVE:OQ\V!%A$AW9XH/6[F

M5@/N;1#E/^0(U269ZB0^M)6&M]E.BOF2*I
S3L^VV&O];P:;&24D.NA;3Z\U




 W

V#]'#&5
MZ

PQ'$)WR1Q6M3Y0/(UB;DT;BL;IFAR;F&KG== )*S+-@
M-GF&E/E





*

;J; 4=ZI53

M]]7N'@:XV1:K

W+:.


MBT.DV[-ED9+$OZ_T^F=EMLXP?V.!J>!!NAQC



S2;+H
MJ8-W)*8!-Y^*SV #T$EG*';;R')./$LG*,C7/=

_
-8UFN.643H/W9

M_POI($6FG)XI.4()U;H
%W'J$J




37_NXF'B6#K94)!##2F

IV.#
.F=T8)&$\;KC+'P0IN@2@2
03N9(!BI%M1@!
)B'=LPNI7Q+\F4J)Y_DTT02=A
MJ.G4BWUSX6L-)QDKOO+6//DKVCR=5SFL@VP/!(

L4X7&M@:]XRR21
M1/


M

CEJ\=ZT8G4;MH=A4(R\CG#KLFE/HF:IGN


V)7SY'OXI3
LCVR#GFZ+-G%P6&Y9R
M*S'Q



:((3&*KCE

&U_C?2(2
M3A;0&891.HJ\IH^-Y%P_#S!5;!0O^=KD4


E[9GK6M.8U*35;GN)6


6





E(JASCZEPUAU)1)I74WG%

_QH83:BH(_R/T^]5KRF:!+8PK+J&$A3$N)*FGG:(


EJ R$.Z( .Z[$G6]O

M9O*





/_/*[*X-7<8\_2,:Y7J7D0@/%[)_D9EF[W%P
M$H9K&3NF\*B(5)0VIUID :<&F%$H6O()#_
5B^C#F37+/*$@SV)7]P1''7-
M0J7HHOUS*ARQ&9
L+ (

MRF/%+T1PDWQPW3H#@2


BWMYB0UD^PE?)3#I(
M8CW[GHUX];6BC;@@?35809U%+4ZR=&\1JE_[1/%:QYBR8)K&#S-3I3TR&
M=:M LF_3X_D'\RB5Y




M9*06Y@O%B@V$?A:H%EX_
FW

MY/M$VW#-
3M

M


W00^*WW;<3QD
MM(B:($DM%Z4_,:S$4=OCQ&S-G60[
(U\1@$-X;KZ?#W#[\]A^ M6D? L
M


22*@+VJ%4PZ&O5_PA
MFGPC\IJ5(!C)@  5.%L/BP-A;JOB!XP_C)5O*L\T-_S3M(_XB=K.35'0;U
M@DB

(,W8#T*([7(#)_)W //Y.<U<YD
MS/A=1$,E23PLCA[-!T.0*FQT'3 2'HIPJ


LL;P5F\:8+W4\N[+NH'^#

M1 [WB



(#(%9T7P#_
M -;_R
TRG@_!7+E/

M)+2!:8G.4-BBBY6I$V6'6




@-
M



MP9==(S;OI_P)*-.OB665
9

 $H^<D[ E:
:$LQG\F0D8GNKU5^(#N
M





X2HMA





F!\%G=[A_8
M6&(M 

MO+$;T$O6:FHE

X:2[SF8RVAA8'ICK&Q/[*5-








J=<:+E-#=00A3L- [U<=[*


MYSS;[)F+H'4;+RO$FVW-(CQZMSSJS95WE3]P\.V*5BR*4G+=YET^O15D*M
9
MI

MMN5L.IZWL%NH-!)6_.FR3.KE(X*D?:-CW#;52E(U&2%L.7.*!9^F1QN91)!3






P84-APH+).U

93A/*^DCF@[5 3B:)PNIR%.'3XS8W
MGK/?9#&A7[/%,?\RWK0O;9IF\GC&$G0;$6-B 

0VJQ!



MUSU82](G/PE?TM2#M4DY\*VJ)FC$H#5(UP9+QPT.R0
-=7.=9AW!@](-2%$@
MCCB MT@3=2])7/0_(+] [RP$99DN&)S%0


M.-]N 
''4SX46DKLK71^?1[$B(Y$66Z$D@ URBA9-2#;LBH2)F6(#G_;.W=L

MT0@A&0PSPM!4M




D:()J(-QJ826.


S [:Y&N

M&M-SMMOT$#D5 YQ
.@_G?41/-?XB*D34?KYHGP.LP=;[I
\*N(0@%S=ZLR5C




S(

]']B?C*N*T


M%V]S2F)^XT02LXF
S#83.(+RQ.ACM0-^C04?Y2NE4_FG^:V4&D]\1VWC0$8(


MM)H;$O%VU4[U2_+5PJJF%!4MK57_FC+C+(69$L0^4)KNJ&I/F=F[HL)8([





#__X?G'2








US;S^Y<#=%+QWSV*=
MH^;/OWKLB2IU15






5VS.R_$B;2^2.:B@Z-$9


G%67C]'#X81?.095C:ABFLTC0.XV6BG\$


M]$AQ[=]FK=/E(HP7N$PQO!JS52







$!Q'3
M6M


MUK5_SQ0/\Q4#+HM'F$KYDU+B?UW7E,#4CUH?HY-KJLCB96G0V.2IZ,055N'
MC SO8/3%I8K)JE?HD_C!S([?0#JC0=OL#784!V_ X(Y&3HCX!B@!!CH82






4G
OV1-1*:!C


73S
Z_2*L7R5\;NDG'# %


LA'0LQR)]] WW54W-C4X?J-D8D
)H..@+

M0!MP(]^

4RIK1*M@+I%(%;B_!4)5NK4\^<Q./G 6L@TRGL.^2#

M='1*$2&C_;8#IOT=5;FCXBR&.H?7YTGZAF7D?.F.!
%0D$.93NQF_$03


MA:L]\0NEKSU2#OEOH@6&7H^(LX$-:4%#A.E#\(^NIQ4FA9[]#5!PLDRF0)
M4@BQ'


H@1+5PD
'6A
MVI#VA:J7825N8H2/@PX5'\*VF-

1M5GNR7P];B1_2$0
.+UA]=!U4/2SR[''H9\:W9HQX'E)(KOH3-.0@
3]86,$AVZ%.1
M]-A;8 B4,Y1;3L%U8Z+4)
I =S)6^Q(0:;T8W&WB$8V@=4W:V_GM ^ZSG
M1)0.M%$F-)P

U!1W**!0
B25
Y4
Q.6?H-:6*N-ST.-3-N!+


^-]HAZT O
M3CJ#2 5X:8VB-8\CMCAJ*3CD3KO#'\M!?W'-Z4
GL
MU.E81E?M4W3 Z/I
MM$H3_5W0!
;#\KN

MGS%Q).0K83_TP57(XF2 ]?O
L &_QM=WEUDE?N
W)(E
O-FH0V5FDOE2. 7=
M-%*Q?MO31
([UF$Q*.'_=$3D6_]--$$GP==T6.U1A:]@%=






4 W[
MM?A!8T8R%R&[P%Z/A.[2R&(S]_6#(2C  G7%Z+WE0A/*N\SB)ZF-[=$$]T*]

S2N:.*] UHB0W[&*$?
M0L=\F7 !I[&_1J(.$CP&9
\NUMW?7:=O0$4'8]7Q62ZI.L!^#CKPAF]+MHJ
Y+Y!\/]C4(
MEBDC+]).H(@\0Z+(A^A/PH&<_W56&1@3:%1E:(RUK@KOF]B3ZL<OZVE;XI_E
MUNHI1^@KRBT*! *T=#4M5BB!VAT]4 9-RA,C_+FL/7,@*L7(P,9\JUD(6%JL
MH PAC&Y4T**N:K6DPX$

M/^0S*SNQ2*'L76L?[P6+G78%34F;D!0Z+N8S5X[NNJDY?&P

M#PHGY*;
73X88'F0


2TY*D3K/=T<@*\PP06M.4N
M=8W#,%5[5RR56HW5C\17LT'O9HYB7T^&XTQ-)_KG'XS+93TN)H*#PY_KX;#

M(
&INIO



^\0R9\O+RN, TBRX/'\_7=B5*=92VWBH/:KRMGY @5+0D17EH1/K!YB#S



S
59@*1VF
M21WE7NVHM2@^4/H6^AQ9Q85M)4H&:?10_'P7^)[-G!^]V#;6\)PNY_9HIV




(_AEK.5+\*I'&R'^

M-OI[/6KP3NC0ENYL]'9/PM']K0W3'8;1C)K*G330MHMP2

*-62VD<*Z]%6-U6UJ7WRZ)ZB=-
%G=PA[

MF6CK[O$H=+=WM2#DE)?1.R03
^E+PO0/$3I'N=KM')DK(.K-_8G7*^ %D?

M


4;&W=RPS#1$?($ LW=58\^#TW

M!BW



M6CCNF08CVIAJ3:*XP(4QS^6-TYN_P5!TI;NW^^93.FP\I5VTB3SV9 'LMT9U

M8J9C92[5\TI1;

AWEI36U8E3Q7:F+





.M



K@
.
MK)[6.\
=\:-728KZ-%9PYLSIU<<BL-

MBV
(__)L




KD3
M!,()UWGRQSWZE&)/L#88W#VC &^QVKJ:!#G@_K'Z^1_F?0? D8;'H-XY!6
M'S=*,&'LI5^?<3M;*LIU3ODE#JU%GQO1;0Y T<P7[//9P$D5VZIW$M[Z&5
MO[_E3J%%$M8XKOIC^AJOERBWY75%D99PHOU
U6T0#C6*9BHC!(^!8?CS.
M%\*Z[%PT.G/,H.C%?11=,R!2-#Q,BEGA%QIJ6Q!XV@@MMN1+X7.AEN_!9 X

OZR!3X/'TSSHO=M,9W ]&83_^:-@5OX6R\A/4
N.^58:P**^IB


\N*7&=S
X&J%O


'^'Z*+)D6IH*
M]1Z\%+/U(QIFR8D82)PC99Q=N!9(6\+OQ3)B%I6(]M$4,@9TP3L^+IG1Q*]X
M@;C!*QS4T8 'W8)$5*M(N0R_8=$V)7E$C'N!*8B.%L[\36725 3VV^B 7HW

CK@6F:;MN%VM6)


*20E^$FSG)NZP=F7XY+B&CI9
ML QR(IUNL C(1+6I


M&G]O5E2F5B?8AM^?)_ ('*Y_S%4



M:[F2+O?E28PU5S.I


D



M
 AAVG9@4


&/
ME
'CTF@D .3C2!?[Z0TR;$K/Q3?


M5PX/JGKR




MV9Q8^Q %$(1*2&B=]&@LN7


9H8=27+&F[VH:M4!BLH] \[*TH

^OQ]L@B/X[)GPI]@C]/QYZ?((_#Y'O  VI-X81*]=LN2*!=\V+DI


MR^%V;


-N

NS?\AO^3\K

6FL


-ER(Y$LE'B[QMZRV(%$BD&#
R!Y$Y$IF/%[F1\)M=()'%F)%G(/(
B3P;
M+U*:#8@\1R+/AXU\:*UB3MEC]U:-OKOL,4O[F!DM^%!_(9=B2?$62F+O.F



M[[WLK.JJ=P;PAID8
2D%
8DWYDZ;

MZDOOW^Z/K_Z;!!

NR[?V^7+
G]X:7^N!@E&+&I!3&
MQ

MN9.1N!-1/


H%

M0F+

G_K;=\I]EDWNNYKN#=S

N_4
M2G4=//V78PKE% H=R?RSZ539KF$FIE!.H5!L43L_N





W)R8V
M&\,:/V6:\CK//:KKJQO:N?LAK[X\79];;RL7PM W+O=^8@]3^ZKI^KEA'6E8
MUJ2N#^E#65M;H^E2RK7ME6IIHJ]8<+K&^?S<M^W!XJQ;^F_HOG=KF^H]<W]


I17.4HL'(4606*K )%5H$BJT15:#(
M*E!D%2BRA19!8JL D56B2*K1)%5HL@J4625*+)*%%DEBJP215:)(JM$D56A
MR*I09%4HLBH4616*K I%5H4BJT*15:'(JE!DU2BR:A19-8JL&D56C2*K1I%5
MH\BJ4635*+)J%%D-BJP&15:#(JM!D=6@R&I09#4HLAH460V*K 9%5HLBJT61
MU:+(:E%DM2BR6A19+8JL]H*R+L=Z=/WTKR0_O3^\S&?+?YZO?P-02P$% ,4
M     /B@E-'R// \     3 @  P              @ $     7W)E;'
O
M+G)E;'-02P$% ,4     /B@E-9O,+8((   Q    $










M4$L! A0#%     @ CXH)3:U:Z+\^!0  !QL  !@              ( !%A



M3:B\P

O
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ CXH)390MJNT 0  T@
  !D


3(N

  !D              ( !
MPS





M  @ CXH)3=L1:%*V 0  T@

M:&5E='



M 0  T@



M+W-H965T

  !D



  %0.








M='


M            @ &


4     /B@E-P
;R@
(!   W!   &0              @ &;






X
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (^*4UGHJ:D$ (  /\%   9              




RYX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4     /B@E-U^H +B@  #-!@  &0              @ %A?0







H$7 

M[


M970U



M             ( !DZ






4     /B@E-
M598M5@








M-YX;6Q02P$% 










YX;6Q02P$% 
4     /B@E-MELS


4     /B@E-!D?E;)


M=-H@+Y
  #9$ @ 4                =+M  !X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (^*4U:7B(6 (  %P
   -              
M 3.! 0!X;]S='EL97

M  \              ( !MH



end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Reconciliation of Cash

      
      

 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Reconciliation of Cash

      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Fair Value of Stock Option

      
      

 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Fair Value of Stock Option

      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001437749-18-015135-xbrl.zip

M/_UF\\/?7P;



A\0?\_?!CR0SX
MP91)7@U72MX=B*5AP=+(X''_\;=K&T@Y\I%8\=VAWQP1
BU$UTH@2@,F'2R
M^F_@ZEEJF5DY_HSNZ[P1%Y-;RSPK/-[U7Z__X9?36[UR^Z#=ZIO_N^7SP_F
MF$Y(
[\N7WQ[G:= YC*WW'4MSZ_=$^'H?B[9C1X?LS9
%FS&_G+[YU%EU&

E)

.K?

M-2$@(BY


?_;A\\77CY^NE*O;
M^SOE_UU=_+_TF-D7YX?]TW/ (B-

M#Y3X8-I:-[X?4K;.D+W\D))WSH=^9 0Y_&$V&7C..D.!@$0-)P;+O$6\7)A^
M;S^\'HB@?U$OWH!&/7$N9B@C5ODHTZ3FRG?KO R95/@AG.R

MH9



[(
Y7ST5*

]!.S-&K\AX
M0!T#I$KZX^TS[.[\L3WEJ%Y



B==JXBP?1D7S4

L!\O.O^


C;='(FL($@_5W
MWM*


B*B4I+(=Q6JMBU- %5037 5/OFVA?LE
M@#$22D($EX;/:)'_#'6@RG5MD!-I]$S=+M[_1DN:\ T2X0R*_[+1 P6ML@

M9)&AUT$]H.GIC[EW(697C
(;+T:
\B7U#SL8__?=%X^-B O
[U/8-_U.&+/]

$MUVAA0K8IJAS9 R0.1O%SX(;NJ0\&@3D&









5]%J/2 E




Q




9$ILI3QC.URC=3&4.0Z)@PF;RL.8TH [TOQ

_YQE&
F)$!#K
(<R[5[/9K&06.D%RI#-'MB&1(B0205T6A-2+!JJ=01TJA3N^4
M?3?(:ZX^8+C0V]'JJZ45&U54RMD)[6U8AK FO+I<H?RJ2=GK.[VXND+)7[(

GZH;T-^8]!V

+EQ*$[U?%$=)

/9%B+UR!

MX5J9[*(LBD7EM%




$QQ/-^/?\UFJ(4#W[9L#$/+!Y#-@<6Y4FP0:!@!.9I
M-B[L(9/D)O28\@I+DKYNP+0X#B]:51S:I4$
X2N$[S4F:A\@S9
OPO)9/L[P



MXN)XD]F50B!P.((M)K5B[Q6)]G5CBE78LZ1U.B+NNV^$7\B^/Q;6^


MYU[;HZ ;YLW*@IMV3K?2\N''M0*!'JHL^''G*_!XZ+$;3M)DP5)'P4G'NP+U
MG4FN.^9-F4VQL]*=0P+

 HZNW



4'8B@?


M):%I!S

ME*F5?ZW\=ZO\'2=9ASP])*?G@2$GGFL''LLT1G,,C(=)YF?R#^)JOO\:!_[
MRBC:QK0Y
3_TB/

'H VF
MOQ W^
/U!D!0;E[S[&W_VF.I;%?\?1
G8%-K[\O_%XB=$X:2L/=GK3/%I(XS


M

/MTU?%*[2%#8:O&HU


H&W:873-W58F.+B$'*[W
MS


.DZ&.088:J8]6J9-*\XW/%)'$LVTNZBD
M=*@3%N0


X;/HGR[G

M7TYN0]ZG5^MKG4[WU*F-MC!VD7_T_@3K(C72Q6C$Z C


M!)E&G0O]*!(#NYRYM:VWVGL@T\G



1VRD

]S#*ZJTA;D<B(M)\#.Z1<+XZ.CGR9O.JDM8K1-:3@O&?^5!ENL7FGS
MVP]MO=<M7R-E8V\#Y?*5+&]::[1[_?[.HR=#?DJWLME#*2KAM+$T%?T<X


RE<1&=EJ&JU6(OZX^

M;



MEP-'B!D0:?EW)D5RI'3I$CRQOI
ME



BN4;6



/JQW][D4WMOE0VZ4:GO38?;$.%DZ/YBO:(/+OCIR/QCG=5W;6: YX0
MVIMNQKKR3IC]SOJF[T_%:JML_63G?/;YOM&/=FL1^8'*MN-.6ZLUYMN]K6

MZM6V





M9'M?;1\O'V^
KSP%M)L/)3TF7MX8WP7R5]6/B)\7X2!/]BNXK@_*HXMPD!9#



+



M3XF%)=V2[_Z4F/'W:/B20X%M3QDR1P:MZ0NZ(MVF^#MJ0 -3!K^G^I
M[:!V
MBKW15FY;5/W IH?
X+X_TQ).2!__8.5NRJIH$A2Q;-*\39V^*/R8AW?(:S44
M_/-ZA=9R.SG7B_#FHT6EC1025'NVF(9A0.$&C/E0O.'AH)CR *\5^^?MG&4B
M(9;FD'IEG?3*2@64'(ZI3; .1M12 N]P
##1! A/ \'1'1OFI_S'I]U^M[


^N1@1^(7
%*T/A
X'DIU& ^+J&NS^LA28


M= DNQ5I86^0(RK


07]37

?V=&FI




M;9?Z_@
=35(]G\SO9(0TH?[X3SJBW.V\3#FKJKQ$K-86;:#2B)0IM:W OK2]



;L($E!K\B:+8;

M'
_'[G*7L\S _F+P!


%#-M\


A

M9& [






?'Y!C=9?ZA5?
M*
%]);+T-:-_A=0U9]GG4W=@[%S(&


^\@^]NN8A)_K$R=4)R@)F,
M'^=&;$-ITK@50%I5P(I-O#A





@C$)

M=


VV#


M.;=.+(N D:GLV@?'/

M1KQ;CS?*%BR$S2S#9909BHINP+.PZD('=OE'8/ _CVW8D#Q31N$O

$Y:$Q:G0Q-9
MAY[ @(7F;KWEF1G&$Y7(H1.[<GP(3&YFB4ZR= X.$W_B+\_T4U^DJ5ZM&


M!3PS)[W5NUD%PYBV(.$WI:U2YGFAA]87SZ0*I^
O^GFO5 @!KS+Z1-TP\KB#

M*F.*BV7&N*P)DA)D8H]O56



5
MXI2Q8DX=5;%3W



)%QB5JPU8J51N*]%G[^

(
M$?=ZX!Q[(_C)-O$P=YI,MY#+L97$J1=0/YC3$G=L-ERU&8]C\<3IK^N&L'T3
MYZQP@^]Y+CJ3[2'J;P*X8E @=23] 6&/S$QJBR#8@VW!GI<SH[-1-Z4S5-Q

M_




[!.62N[X1JO(M;E?KK(GJ
@!+$49OL6AV
6Y8 8:=@+V\R[<F;T7?[^<U
M4U5@+^^XKLE;GO8+EM%^P%[2-F

5






M[_4SK





XC;+1.QO:M5T:]
BI;


MZW=?F(']Q'



3U[5Y/E329VP/?+

MZ%3&N**;2M(193/6L6.V_^,;Y595D$XV=8'=14'$XR!=20E0J;CEH/VS1*

'M3K$
0X5&=J;@O#WV9

MAZPWNGHF@_58YB?OLZ] DM2ASUGIH;5JZ;$1##^ZT-!6.'+[681&'7B6$QIJ
M+31JH5$J-+3VLA2&GT5HU)9&3FAHM=HA4:)T% ;/7U9V-O/(C1J2R,G-/1:
M:-1HU1H=-5::-261G+$%S4GJ\5%G9ZW=^'3:RQ/4CU +I7*SSB/02+59LPC
MUB2NA5&=)E%I:IW::.F=XQ-
^BX%TZ)$B3K8Z1[#XNC+E+H^EFDO!

MLBVZ-/ V#/P#88RXHSARCO@5Q#K]TCG/^I*!3H[MN8TJQFZ?=\K&YA&%0QO
MG+=+A\=9PU+UJ9##*J8H\T:BUAY/V-F2RM70WI
H\BBRJ@_I9@T0)W9@3I[
M;!6L7J+CDDN;8K8^KP0%4K@#2N/*@8[.]%'J3UNW2KB6Q_H-.)0(K.@US;




SX?3&KGRMQ&WMD^BE#.S*8-11 TPUR
M:1B$UYFI0')((^

S!
H[5UKB0: 
&:
R]L(2V:
I:+<P&M9D_Q3#.< M_/HF=#/R7]++L*Z]+ULO'9 XI9M@H=#H6%





NILIEIDE(J

M9:ISF:K.&?A;$A%D%&


5]W7+EKS +%A@AE6&L!T


3'6DV1EVV--A.C]G$\14K9#Q5
MN.(NB;D\(=AKP2X+=!HO?
!3\;&N R-F$$;E

*BJ-2$^TQ$LDI5:2A\5E8YR[FY$E1S0';:+
M)3-

MKZ#56O7&%)Z0[Q3+B65%]N/R.2Q'\Z ]'EB



 D'W6HA:01#Y7!'R
%I@F2<Q@PP'/3*; 6
!-
M'&Z@R\:]%^^\EM(+.*$4]I0KF!@X$?7)D*(^KSB$_$(TIH)2@*Y()'-.
#-<'3-<=



 LP2.*US7=?/]]?




4=Q3 .Y%;IHJC

/(RK#@M?

GX7SWIX
\&R'=SS(


MO$EAJXV6_)R#H@4MK*6XJ4.JXCB6]P?#TQ%+OY$J=1^+!#PL
84W'#L6L&I:
M+J3V3BVMM9[LY6(WEF0V2Q(=(B%8A8EE

; W.
Y_85L;0F:5




T76'\03P]#T=OC^SO^%L-5OM
MIM8]4RQJVD Z__W9S=?K





MJ9M^;6'L*:-CV%2 87OC8C/&KS2X'3Z2%]'B%)Z[$]Z
BR!@]B#DZ9F/WE?/



94


*.X&(GH[FS(



MEU)1\N1\U2/[_ /N\6F@_ X6!J\B44F

_WG
M1[F  8KLA#HG/=_S9WCPG411C77:T)84\O#E!^O!S/Y (3X+]$-0?VT97G






M#/
$;]P!9B3

(=6+@E$BLMA.8MFW '6;5@T8]9L)1X
MR6HS[33
M-*PWMI
6V:F]6HS[83-M+P%4I$T[9R6F:;69EIMIBU
_:C-M!_*






NH9] \RX+LOU\,,(COTO:2@+GE4] IYO7'4U!=#WZ&6#!V)M2
U8;3$<^+9E$\;3GI(F0)_M(:9+T'/EPG&2

A_B^/;3Q



:

M:%6:OD]DY8+)BAV%:9PV7!I@AF6_F3^VITJZ)GCZ9:(75S8J%&U2GNP?9$S5
M

E(


%-$BR8FJM[
:RE$U

M#C&_'ZBX2P3;T

 B+8V\(SD
M7E$2 C-8()VBHD$I7DYDZP1+M8G'LA 9'_N*N$I_S9(.3/-7%ECBYI80@-


&_I5'^+,D/;H?\
ME.WM:*3
?\!Y


W/X+=*/

)D&DOV%/9:&:?)Z
DVZSPF_!6Y

M+YD;U]9B

+R9G6W]





5CU5?\/


((U

MCTK$YFGJU%QU^EP5%0L\(:YZ$[ Y9

@'*M)K$Q]YRLFLM _#6
M$?EV^W4E$EA)5,FO*TSV+GDQ\*81*T8_Q,0N,FP??\EHPF8_.2Q%J\+QBLB

M/H7
L\^PZ@S_'GJA!C^YT\9'OS30
:/&.&IWJNM7_E)-#PTXI+/V)?]=?=
FBM6GK4I].UT#@R\^/(A89:XU::-1H[8TUA$:6BTT
M:J%1(C2T.L.L-C6D4D.OI48M-4JDQOP,QBV/_DY94=M<3PTU R#BKI48=



MJ@T





M






M LH(3G.*74:KD0A#+\QZ(!%ET

M2&(&=*F4
$4 JR%
L?6 7=[&8$Z=6OBOE*I3V U&NRL_L[OB



MV\(; !@DZ@




MYQKTT#!DW+S!?7GH^\*S/2+
6LB.H4^%#F3VDW#EHUG$0F[*H:P2UN)UHJ!N

D+CV\I99([
K 0
)
MJPNBIHB=$#S*LH+]:+X)IC@4JV@W'(QM9F7$ZY2P8%96;+@B%=?K=S%3HI'=
M0@TC*[@*'=OOY5
U*IJ
7[1^OS T2G PR#V36_B1[S#C5DVD?0/$JS^-SU'/
ME8NT



R4B-@ NN I]L7UN
7O^S]P2-^8<DKR$6MQ]^RL;]O=X&S)1[ &.!L7:ZY*#\#T45


M

AMAX<JQ:-;%1[1?RLG<TU%X$97__M(S#

MZUPX; @7=W\ 83][YMYV#PM\U^6 KP+4+M%93TPO8)!RJ5$U.NO);RE;-3OJ







F28IQ#9#-D5#$*Y












B&T[% X+P)?[AUJ'4K$%'7_GE9H9T%8AI'/
M'SE2W-=:H1UYUEZG$%5]I BOO4([\M


YE&24S7Q&9X%$\O9\G'WVW*#/'L\_TB3K

4SVQT5\VH-Z4FE
M\N*_=6WG_1D@2


MC_@#+5)9L

MHOZ_PN
TRGC3BZ]D(GRDEU]NDY3J]:E:*#+WV7

M
9T%












M_N8$[RS[2?&#F4/A(8# (;.WBNTZMDO?*4-X8W-()K8#/P;V!&Q_ESXKS)L0



;#IX;2Y[\\ZR9REK4_L
M2D#9]I

M5B;?%OC:^KOBN[9E*M[#_';04_!_+S+;=5*AB9?-O
- R_SM




N!GI1?- 310-%?[\M

M+VAZ][&BZHW
C?KC!7GQC# 4/30&U0_[@=%^S)]&




_4IA:8.P:#U5
M&U^IN


M[?)9HU6+M=!7;FW7]U_PSK_P%



MCJ
D!^YKX2V7MN8^68[N



M[%\A.%_[[QUL8@UR]R83@WY
0E!\UW;]T*-?0:)?V:[Q[9?_^'^*\C_QT]X2

M_:%^%



;$
IEGP2B)Z=PYT^#H-YB1O-)((A00



+-0S+(PG


L?(9+


MY*'S[O8:

AG3\63
&^JX*\N1YR4RARH7EKLN%WZ^

UYZLTR:]D=Z%
M5H.=Y)XVP/ 







88
M?[#(')Z#MZ]?AYZ' Y*S:%D9K_34V3TF3X;EP^3O_EE-IM
!X-!!J%]ZQ\-
M;HE2V@9W(@)W
AJ
3P'N%^H]@H/
[.4KB
U-=-FHX[/]^AT'5_OPM/LGXIG^

E? @#ZXCQ)4!3!][^_

X25K_YY9/VSP;(


MV2A?%/

M$E^A-F6]%S#QE@&8YZC8NF!


XZ7
*7MOB0?6!/E*[B6,DH76K6'\W#?*G<


Z)*))
$1*IU


0Z21







LJ#YSY!_(GR%/$YL\#DK_75^Y]9BG\T YZNR2S! TF






BS@WAI0Y1#U'FQV=]B@[1L1%O%@]EP+I 5\D.


MO$%.EU?

M3ZF(I/&4/'MU//O

/
]J/'G3$B4@WZ7AE$I(J(2Z
S1.6D[)M-UG6AEW

4WCECQLXY)B0.Q'CR5NN=_$/W$4LE[;O-N0





.(FM9A

F6WQ'QTHTK7K






MA[ESNX.J!]NR[VUGUTX *67JX



MS UV::&^M.)24J2D2$F1DM)22;D=]@:=\)[%%V\*C6NE:$C1D$9$&A$I*5)2


MN$AQ::&X2(]

M9+#3$1!7&]C41((WYJ7I^@Q26%NC
2BVL^*!NSYGLOM0)HR$@BFPGU(V9 EF



U7

_Q

MK





VLG1

DT0Z6@1-?29/A'QU/7JQ5W4:!]O_$X#]IT/
MR;7DSGE^FLCV5M-;S5#@])I;J($TD?W[11UILW(F*Q#AHL1J4%UK8@6E174
M:G5=F=*$ZFLDPE7*]TB
;]
A?PRG7:!6YJ4K9F(5J/)Y%C9^KAX9SD$[!ZQ
MWSL^


1\Q%PIO.&X N'G4H!9S2GN@$.9!?C7'


MV!4=@82N,#F^-_M&9;DP:/,POP%8(/-MKWF6_PVER/++A7D;X3


&9/Z0
I(NH68

ML!



3L*=8X!_T^.T--P'!SB
';!OPQ^K) XX@.!&







I]B<E/K?!0F

MI_(3NVW
.Y/J3ZJ_Y^G=M4?K29?OY%JO)(\W87F\J51XC;3U:H_JNWA78G5X

MC]=S/+FA;4;UC7'ITW8N$-4P/A:+W-B;3A!56916?CE H0;P5W
)=64%7UNV


M56SP+T:90_CD4


J)F/QXQ!=31J3^Y!B$W/B=B36QFMWVE0A'^$\.MJ


.;8Q%@K@&-1CTPCO E0H-YHV5=7&(#TX
MYCF '35A_-


M1Y




M!_
&P%3U_FPGF%D?*86LF4W\8=37=@+'NW)$4%WHPF&+-1$GCY5J;Y+D/;%A



G(_.1K)B2Y<-.I5LG=4J)3KG5A[W!8- 5I7+^.!D7Y&N]
MD(C1:9SLR.D.RGY6*K^LZK^CJ8CV^^_YEI'18/+I1$^YSR4B^FX=LU#:;=)


M)=/A^?7H#QPVE7[6V%22M*!C](J$)R02/^RW)]/+
K/_TJG5UV;QCA*K0)
M3BDCV9PZN/?Y^45*9HR0TM!TO^E$V^[=YFYCCF&:G*T8E2ITL\!L&O3XKD\
M2FX\SO.D6F[]AEAVW,\=6R:S%!L;Y5BZ?$_QJ+^F1F ]4GO35SY8VJX'DU/
M
V8O?2'O)



M&(=530
Y*$3:M]:C&
P&Z?B&&G0U!WVHSF:S0A8#W7+D@X?0
MFY
I
U$
I$



@Q 8?

\8&^4(Y#4_GAL$1$B-D$8
YQ1I9MF*]A4H__:$TLD\56E(#:
MS(/;!_?D KFY7@Y3$1
BC19\H5T)KU_?9%ZQT).+3DCH4[26&!O C^)JQA <!<N H&)9GAL_0!L-
YY\JTT8LUL!]\O^ \S*;[B Y]8R U? 9L!@J%



MS#ER:$PS\%M3M'P*9A;03B..2%PR-X8T(\QN\\C&!B$*T9[T+ 8X\U]YR?


![D(#4&4U
M&*C*@$O\_CP2$[L






H
M%I@3


ZA]8!BW N
XGBR333!8AFSDZ-5M2.S[) $






%MB







L



?#6)\]=6$$5DOWY!9P&EMUZ%5F*+]Q0^/?@
MMW%19FL)C
MR?R-E:IG\;G3
^BHZEC(#

MCL;32\!_;]O

M\*HU.%M;3 3\O9X,AI= OZZO*VI Q$.H%UF9T%A%S1FSV9:4#PX\$IFN(S
M
;?8B@\'P\DI*%L;E5K
/1(K[N%@JEX_MK,/1(J;DW3SH/+FB$FGL\GIR$
MHAE# B^G.PV)/I@()1_\XU/(&H=ARE^JZITVW@6.T!BHP]E)-HO#
(G
K':G



SX


VM0HX



WGIOHEMC
M'Q?8WH5MQRGZ(^G#R4#V1SI90Z'
Q3GL&=#6;DFM//]FU

0Y478'D<8[PG25L=^54JE6+<\.?U$?7:]IJ55@)';_
MANKUNBBUBI[$?IPZUJ;7&W?4*\425X-/U.NE4:WZL*%0'^GJ5+]F&E4O6AL*
M]=%D?+TJNU8AG;CP2Q_-KE?4ZE7WB6N<1[-QVGTB7JOB&\97Y9\E%$MOR=?
M+Z?JFD#1W





M=S89



M36[A-





M7'JSA*





;19N435F*)IXU(1Z:6J1(


M4HAA4#OJ


MR2#.'L@GQ2&N(#)@TXA#[


0KW(YES*W)Y8?

W55][E1MOZ\7A#

OD





<HH'9BM6-APD:3.SS<X
M
B(L
\0&.'99M.#9GF?7.I@NVX]CRG&W?'=\7^-KZN^*[M@5Z]&%^.^@I
M^+\7F?TZJ]1$>+/5_HENXUMT&PLRTLPV*A&79VFS;V__%G@I9%((J@F!)F5
M( /98*9#4BYJOU
Z\ Y9P




()\DAO(GZ

)RUY_WPL]WUV7)B;SRU4(8KCU9=#OIJ5IGLD4R32\9-\ER:A-9
MW2X9N+


MP20E1$I(:R7D=MS*(K_R=H[R[EMSYWJR-EBJH*944&\\:F
*\P@E)&5#RL9I


-77J\



M+%-O)_';7B^)\XY-^61V&KD54(EKD2QY!7WZ0B*7?E6GF-5OIQDFUW3CGM


/P;

MF; CG

M/8@W0O[M

M;L3W*;R-BL2VR-RR03@!
I!CU\

D++9R
LQH_ZW%6\;*9=QAHF;]9




MFGHDP/







Q#X-T%Z1P7%HX=+TWZ+@O
-'I)V -
MG 

M'J






_+4_J\;*[\

D!-=$J'10

EM6'9[6(Z/_.X[*



ML

G
Y&;1X'L866.$GJEQ %4[Y[OL

MH+A\3XAU'A$B*A!9+@FEHD*P2!K7*S7#(J-BX Z

M6XS
H&5A%&



L! !H[4OOV



_WXRE@1A_A19Z
AF'L









MON%9<\I5'L43SLOX9.EYH&=V\%[!3R++-@@!^$ 8TD]\K/#GWK.TGH/O)



MVUJKEXCD?\[_FF1_ ?MG#P
[) 62J]K/55/&51/)59*K3LA546%
A[BJH]V_
ME

KT

MG][XD%Z?'&
F+O)J8V]*:2






7V9QTFJ.DMD!4W_T
MO_3Y=9%XPE3.CN$X7&+[K@@7T#Z/Q+/<T%?XI)/LV3_$JAJ9:@VX4@XKD-+

/
M?5



MVX16;;F9BDV..AB






MHE//%D!6?0VF!*\ 
;OWBMC


M7@I]
)NT LA:^F@BU
7(



H
M-:O/9JK0A]&F A^&+UP3JMV[7H!*? UB
DW.
M$9?@CXJYOC.#7I-GA.'YG5J( (^#_.UJ;;L;2C_S@JP3ZAY-2'\5(MP]6(C!

?Z]U%C)V24KVYZQON);/#+]WCAC]\/.3+5KX^RIN7[W+.M
M.Y^! /(W+=F1HV ]/^YU3@M@8\6X%VN(6X_[[NI'^+\(VST:P:0+WY'/UB/







#
M

M*@$BG0?$-I:/
/KY!EQ.@]IV-+XG^=M?$R/^.X*^I?*L4U6LD*K#-C$(,NY
MB\84@9^$\VYKS,@\RQBM)L9I5AG5U?SAHMLX/Q\
TYX(-OWQJ#HNIZMT\Z!
MHVG/+W



MD6']3)Z267+2KAX&P]7KH%%/FXZ[KX/:R3UM@.'J.7C04T?3[G.P#%7;:47_

AQ.KE1&
M9$C=.F

MZ7 XB3G 4;5L.$;]:5;E]RH$MR\^DZ??XE.
@R[O] JB.MT%&P9-&#X*IP



\9W-Y*UQG0&S#KL !





MB'IS8MV





GL
Q]WBCF1GCC#RI6Q*!64

M;FLDO]LO3;(IMY=+KV-@$)3FP9K-C?XP$M F!E @'B_Z#67)?R


M*Y0+R[GSPSF&Z 9-S #/#8.V9V5Z$#P[B(/GA@]+'MMO)QIX[)')-_M48(J7


D+
M/
H;UV(])*;/ #F(6D




.#N#U7EVMF-L#/5B)S

H? 8FIS
N= 4Y'X4_' Z%[WP]7G%!IV



^*XQT

^GI7W1]SX
MQ!YU9B2#&#
P84.OX35X


TR

ML0/


BU($N]-S&ZE8FJG3]@T#<K5@*( KE
M;C0^&XB[-[H HE&AJ-#0'P@]CM*_6




MM:5#0.5?P&0%TEER1Q_
@=X;




M#8


SX=G


_\)]5(

M7/6;#;


#&WS%9D/^!IW
P

M/D[=5K=23SNTU:\L][&'U'N?8Y/IE1Q%W.-6:;L=VB/(D6*.7:U82*X*_)JS







P2^J[93'-A
OST]&PCE:ME




GH$6]MXVDOP^9^(?T3I(^DCW
MF+9Q
FSN+0&7?W:Z8AUN!--5+DM;L
MH4VG+0[C$\'+4;]8I5Q(![@?8H^]K


M;6\^N_TA;]S=*/'S)[_R@)L/5/=F&=?V?XGTLO=X1SV9RRS8'PZ#?_+M+\

P K-Q^



'G$OP^OKJ34L@
ME(N&%JZ^\FY]X45%, %\M3SPQDN?#R&?/\+(O5F!(OG7C_N+KZ FMY(LH+
M.3'$NYVQQ/

M?^-'
6HO/2_C+/
3!=Q6N <<6;\O
^P[D(1Q)I;
M9(D?4.C#OM9OU88JXKI\+0##TIM((-KA2ROL 






9$?@Y+ET\G1Z^; 9 K.#&P2K#HAP [S=U/LT



MP3S E'2:D$3KUN5WE9R;;
R/K=B8H-0TX^G.F?VIK5^CC%-]?$!#


M\'UE
N\
M(D/#$FW
7@^M[EN&EC1LBXQ/&KC
$1&C
M\PAT$QU*##Q0.7QD@95?Y,@38[/.67%P&K4NM0%+']'=&Z!=T,M1S@'C
MB=P'/*;O(XCA\( &M$^AO%$&O[]A+F<[3<WG0ZWY&]!&THY-(HLI&L?
[@E






Q]

M7+T

K6#G&Z/)-/S:YJN$%$=:L2&^P2 N.@0/\



G)7)
M?5X8328

F0M^1HN3!E[Z1
?0)V

M ^R)):%0ND



EPWFE#^.

M67!Y#S
69YCOR(7


I3L^IRI)0 V5NZ9F=\MK[542G
4DW




MKZ:Y_%XR^RY:YY./U;HQB+'*;&+
=WBK:D2 J+SWJMD[2:&K0/67@I/]3 Z4

6RK;]L2]<\E8C44[ZY\?66:$F
M)U2?6-2UY$[P '31NZ0V5#-GV!N49N ]T=R@H -_'N?QXM*1P'PY:W#R:XT
MYJ_

W]
M-\K
AG74SSFC(C2I=H MCR5GU+*7_%1 L-X

KW

M$B;+PLR9PBY P2GWYVWF\^\7C595+3])@P8PENP9UD7EV;U\K
U+*#130O

M




M)H+=&[:C807:\/+T[+SI^


CRKAW
]&%O!_K923N^]A6'3%H;GPP9$W0B8K3;R
M

T+8;2@N^_8;.&C=T

M ZYHU$@R@U$#96\.T;9;NDVWW]!IXX8N+ALDY*;P;+4=L%' *6#:9OM-$K\
MB]'%5AA7P=.T'6#9;WW.%V PWM(\WR:X_U?R^&_^CZL#$:P)A97/R)Q] X^



4]G
M\.KN3;SL88O[B,+2)DI*I]QU,9]C]B=\:6@F2RA<;#=4-9CQA4?!0A
^'X0









N]Y& M&]]HS/V2*T.OKRE+=ZK
MJZ KT[
KY]3)M@3?EBNUZX/&O$Q^K@K'_2#@F

*K6.QE&@./?**-5*Z^&RHU!%?!0

+\G72H%IUIIHVGF


M]V4WE=W#=7KRDP45^@)HCFH:QV5Q$Q/EQ$33QT&:X=LTC:GJ[=.75?^(_G95
M+86M@#:-
UO

M;JFJ=9HX

T!:UE1
TEL9V66


&^9!2J^M\H)<6P2<*=

EJ&.1T#



MU6\9/J'FXY@Q$:[6WX-T!?LSHM+X:HF(4CA2OI +E$WWR2%5REXA(]KV$[*(




'O*$NW

M(!
 &8

?(HX
M1Z6E1$8#(-G
&9['E#[


M'LB





50Y_DI;%1-9SB&:*-7/8*$?)GQN0BD

*K(N
MV]Q[V$D3N74*7S#3O2W0OIFCGQ
)IA!JULTBP4N&O54E'48E!X;#J4^L 2UA
M


0?ZT=LT+N;CR-=E-;)@%*L.O%\Q$HN?
(F=8B[Y*QM
U7*Y9G5,Y#N:+KB'\@/5_WC^KVC^5*P[<(A5Y
MD%J%A9#E=^O9IC]X<='6(Q85S^GOUOZE=WKO^WKZR]=7SM5HOV+G^R\1+B(
M3'JGD2DOXQ!HPQ^3
I97<A8*

M72

B&

M!ZRF+6L@+7'3L\-2T_I.37-J6J.


37G(/V7FO9Y9B#F
$0^*
M.4X
#N@#[-A$\3Z9/1[!P]@&E%KOJ+CA'K)ZVA+=HKYF%7)?\ HO*\KF8 Z
M_4_H]$.*A5/^)8^$GC?,EL]/?TP_UU9& G\6?6/4$)7YFY1OL8D3F^MV2


MX[&[4!S2*=NE=&!88T] X-TZK@D%*

R.E'5.TEQZ3&9[?9E1A
M7D/

MHMJ

MIO8JJK[&*)Y9*3.:V&9&/=.L!SUD&54LJ/Z#Y83T0MSQ0UU (\L/:-*E.O0G
MT-;HR1?-H'RNE]W2&I5CZE4%=9FW+7MC2(S&RCIM)BT;4$9#D)(2J6W?$K$I



;Q2%2JI#55!19^KAH*

B7_ATP-]E&KBHEV7\H1S84 T
2KGP^/




\F+X4[OX7UZ6^1G*

]5B0T13


M.H%NYUX9


LZC-_4K@A-JHT[0\ZMBH
M

S!5KZ]R;
69X\\8-J4$J,0]I]LUTR7H'N]Q_6C!P)]?7H18[5C<J'C)$D,OVQ
M?-58\UNC;DQ8OYRK]WV0,Y9[^+O
I2C %\0B::FH8W;QKE= M6_2
Q8S5Y7
M]J-_HL!66995B419/PS
O2INQO6K-CIZ]D0Y0#+S%^8





M'S \'78OA^*^Z1(.C9\[&I\Y+'98?/!8_+)O#V;L

MV


VD<\Q3&L:
M^Q&RX:M0MGI!]MO;1

K8T^O:LA@6W6







0%-GPEB'$9NEPUB









XC



T=G^I_1@EP;+C3+S96I&R26TG2\U!+_R


%^QT<EE
M[\1-GGX_ 1P^71TUAOUGT?/(?+#I='%[W+BX-IE;ICU=$-*=N!NFAT,ER7
M@2Z<KD5#$^=0_4'O='0==9W&'RP&'S1.W4([!#X<!&X/^R=GAS
_&?G7CQH
M'=%
X^M9==1&C1_F(*4+/\;DN[]F/)U$N2=F/H^2J5
C[QN:. A6=Z\-[9PC
M#GIG762(=2$7)^



M[V#C





M]

M0U8:ML.3

%ZB!NLPHUCB2W&)^6P

XUN9(N8
MB

UE]YU&)E)]Z!O#K'03
7LJ
M+CWV 5MY;


Z?;DH(EIW4SVO=/# [&QM2BPCY32IH%T;Q.O
<?0B-)%QU_\$CT'Y[


;T'I3'KG*GUW7'!A'3:5[E$P=ZC&X8&TP


$X61CU)M
MRK%W13;:[L'SS'Q8B[F@/=G6^BJ=TEH_
C!)5?@PFAV]UV&K]QB@7$FA)YN#










M_@3*+I8E

MT
CP@ M([CQ9FEDF7YDQ/@'&_^((U!T

F=S4



K\:'T8=#R\+JU7558%1!RIC2\-(86UKLV.XW@+I

C^+C)0$R_[4J*W'ODDV
/&!;Y2#X&A&E)R05W&*I3UK8J@^@;^+






M!28D&.CI&4 M-7SEVP:UF&5 CQ&%!RFFI/.6T%

MW
'0*P2;%+$7 [



M$T&:I/

=+M47JU
(J'494Q_
M2
DQKYK5/EED(=$M\@KGR=FW)\?D
MMRV8SI?]B[U$@ ;'5I%^E4#05@+#^6K  EA3



MC:)$1ORR8@^4P;SR]B]^\-U']^8'4(-GWC_9E%&-_/)2





M<+QJ[']<$5IE+BK_;
MCR2CF]6IEQ7#?I(4

M':B ]X*!(QD]2)YX(8B;K !R=?VV!8(=CJR R5$+*[:^X
@FLBLC3ETE'&@L

B$8+F?JAK?WA
M*LAUOY$N5@VW[HHP8ZKM6@$XR7

+ ]




$#O666T6
M
C


6'JCQE^XM=*Z0C.:L#PB^S1AZ*
MZY4:3$GUDUX






$MD(%O@C5.9'A7)
M\E
*V]KS_3NC1=V

ML8 S )#:J&%[


ND3(S
MP=/SINIOKBA-5M,YEJDP!F/4Z[N-Q *;^LJXS?UM\I(

M\ZO0?$+)N ]JOX


MJC=(?B3PYNC'F+Q*&:.WJ)


MRD;!$$PFW5CD3Y*17F



 RPO9E


H[7
M+NU40%/9F:0
UV

Y7DL0W@9&
'\$G0K
M5 %&'..#?IKE62ZNS7Y$L@GLH_D?*;*L_:BS-G*U$<5KL'Y1(!1BRHAI71M

MZLP^WF&V.C+YK[+BHRN[Z:3*\18CA;)EN^KCJH8P8=LIV0A*:/\U6YH[XV
T

ML*7-\K3#_8@[.!B/0XLKOJHS3U@([DQ2=0M8IJ.SE=E3-VL#2RF 'E7/

#%#$1




.DD(BEJ<\I__XP/]W^N61=3'2F/6E0O+',HF?= B@0 C,:/N
M@ $OL&D=2H^R0X'D1:EJARCY/7QT))-3IR!'%M4O:7(%!7(DGXL1<4J.15F9
M?JDB




M(R1ZW^9NQZ!5L!N55G
'5P53@;H=I

MA$-'X&U[0A578TL[)4(:-=5:QD:/XS78)X)E?Y
2)B
I9/6D(B$*5K9\
-N%


M:*_+!I79H( _UQ1A_%CE!N_?#=/A6%U=9WC#F8


N



M6D1K5GV7!/1*T9HO9]JH[GYO9=C@VJSHVTR2*ZVD_]

*PJ^#(3\&Y@

:PUIQ)DMYR/_O;_F_+_9W87M&HR[ X%Y

M?

D93W98NZLJRY*@=V[A]G$KJ%W:T_[X6?[ZT[]T_G
MA':#^^=ZPYX9SM-SWR*X@S!&[K6AG=LLPXL.)BO6E?;=?9#Y#?P/0)JM(#%

]3;V(C-
M!7M=H.&N0
-EWP5['08?
@:?C08.@QT&'S &NV#O4_



V6


=*BG?-X]$:VZ[#$+_$(-5E4YN_]9




MVM0K^D[
HBS3W+3\A_7@\YL&WIE]? 44]
&$H]MYQT#53#/$&^_]CXPEPG&6
M77.6M\N\8ISF



M*1VE)@-2/
7?!


J'KO!I5&7HF_WRF ZB[.E
M+NK)$?BF*
0^!.6)J760! +B_#B5VS4E^0_2@L!G^#

M:='$^X#%L:I%*O\M0#O7_U;;J8FU/#1X8^[#.Z'RIR@Y4M&A\Y

MJVRE#;'*)6(^TT3




4IYFJP6
X;!LK1.=IR.)C
M-6R8
PEPB

( *.P4UR-2I;(Y^!%IHT
?PU^'OOG&GS \??P=/H&YH2[[LG/9E[*2/1+?CR:<800-C \F




L1

.IW@
8
M+OOO[+?!3C-N;-T1YP$0;]CIIHV@E(*$';O/JK3$4*Q',G+TVQ'H#T(Y5S

M.HOH]V'$P5J*%VCH  /3_P)U.BVF
S!+.4^!2\ENL;?P&_
=ROT7^KGO&+MC
M[(ZQ=Y)?M



65[[T


M;
L;H'/];)[DGCS

X



VW0([8%Y/2
MD-[X

=Y88/DQ!E7


MPV/O8U(*H3)?:P6)&I0D4]



MUYT[O#M
O.O@H(7-[]PU:FH0$1VJ-?\*1D=2




MKS9


\IH1G
M@24/JO-
B3??FI+G
-'%^V<Y;,T!+DQQ7!:RJU(
M%+684]V4:MI8Z9D]2


MX?@\(I6CM-!9



&P'[Z]1-%;W3P]*N0



;O.FB&
&

ME*2Y=:@S_X81S F@GA ^7\ [)O@#@MZ_\:

M4L_BS!=I0L99R')X'H\#M2I 309@E*R%,;J\%.X_!8 K^%IV!U_X?')A
6



8X+0;^/YKCQ!A]#/:I(+D#)\!MXIGY

 LHGQ&KR?=1^3P$WS8.%1ZR[0 RP4MEI)H
M%?KB4V$)$
 ^ 2
HF5HW 9P
3C**8T7:N(F4U]DR\1)W(VB1)\D':YO.L?



M


]=:QDL?BG#:R/V&<;O2M
M2-V\-&@X@[4#MJ$@!1\<806232!6Z^

MPSH[D;/



OD/\NG#LN5+Y@FY+[/%!:.55I-5T]&:WN



 0& Q1P_ULK^S18
GLZ9+VHR\7F2P DCM;+DTZ

M

M$A
D)DA

(WGYQ@O1
M&QF!S1^_$.0B1+/VDO!N@6JB'-Z\BV.^B6PX#/8))['Z16W7\Z]5AF[.97

03&\/*0;=$I



(AX7K

L._NJL#W2/8K\G
5 T31
)2$]Q5D@98'O



C1F4O@CB68E#:[#)D9










+LA1V.RJ5&LWJS40
C1OX

/X\I2PA24&





7X9+5

M@_W4P'#2B/8+E8N6Y5XRO&J;IVO?@'WLZWLW@4UV@2...YH
(]P6K<\PCR_HIXU&:=&V&?2G6(<-C(8[P<
M0E$R:UJ




ML*R%M3UUKTY+#48
]2
Y+P+)1?5
1/\Q14WI#DO5IS(_!][ZB\L4USM&/_3Z



L2J;=L8IK?2D

MJ5G9J/+K7WY*XZM[VYZ\_!S=VX'W7Z[OS0P&^.



8KPAMM+\[FE\6\L
M^3S$)


MOH=C%C-EV!?

M34

JP74L)3W%+P//?W61@#R^



MVX9:[X_5T.\Y/Z&-'

M'?O1O U?&_6^^#9)WH;SC'H_O:KM0?
7^YE'GMZ'T4=V;_O?

M
U*[9L?Y.IG9!P=<L1_M[.;%O[QD- I]O&X'





:N6[B<Y0W

]5


\

M

-W7:IZGYBB'GZ5C)DUS5]NMDH[

+U1N4%BCOU;])'[!'

M)GVS'WA?&BPZ
58B*7+67DYY^?\



M@(AIHR)4=? 9^_)R6B!#L%P+4V/BZPA;-Y5N/@!K]J%'490M#Q+%\VK07-
M)4W&)-5?5'&==4K+JE1'. &9$^'

XPN2/F(947R1E21K2:S@_Z6X
M@C.:T+,5[[.9GWQ%?
0$

ZR!<]R49.8W?/)XOVG?CHB:T-C()+_N88#W[.EYF
M A6L5,$S@-XZ;!95.?=D\/B^+O]5A$[Z-PS&%Q-Y\=/J,+8X'A.\B&MS/

MZV N
K6.DKT)WRZF9JU(XFR;\NTB:U8MZ^J:UCSE'\/@'J^1XKVOK:\R[%;[

M=
@366J)KAQ,ZU;7JL37



MT(R^-F@?#SM)D9[5N!0Y5.7A^K(-1UKPW:1(SZJ5(O-7E.HGL5RUW#_K5U';

E6W.V(NS#HF\9UN(



M7!\]-QF]E$!'@_'X9*5L+E%!5]
T7




:H6@CZ4'2XVRE1]^2!WV]F0TX%3_

PPMDF19@*HLCIH2 DBOPHEI[2Y45BP( 4CG[O
M9


MS8UZGT:!EZ11UA5UZ#WA:W*MD&M%) %+KA5RK9S+VL\DC^BQX2Y+85H46A2R



M+IM$S/%LGO7#Z]2
0UB$__(W2-

!@(%QD59.[+!

X1P8E=:.A%R[0@YK?9&CJ8S?U1*?TGZVWI_C

MMFM&IM@.



MHUAB




/O[+A

WC.%A
2T]Q]\_C[O_+=^HK4\KEJ]]H39-AN^VSSK

=/U
S7HFUE6E/6FV'0_O-M5:+K7ZJMKVIJXB

?RMC^#_S;*UD/_'?EX
'CR



M\N^CE$
1ESC9&'$%?CP7-8%L

M'.;[$]M%A0S?2;)WXHGMS-[)B9B[#@T_GZ.C\0O98R^XROZ=9VCW%!RU=$']
M8%?E.W()ONG4\8

_XV6S+B2MAW:1CUVV9%PJSQ7^'*5<-
M0/E4;HFU!N9V:AN1PD9ROHN+NJGMF79N@YO1%F$_R-S\WWTAHS022Q_&HLZ



.II.FR
;.]W#(!=-QEJ%%(3G2

NLJB!7]

M

.81'^R]\@39^

GY72WQ*^]EZ
M?XZ7]O

)K?3=E:%#E:%&Z9W/CMADVS?
M%K_;KAF98CO$_

L^?]G[O?8Y;YZ_
M/T_8S9

M//?5A:/KIJ&HFGKQ^HO^[PTF/IM(IV9N/]7-7(.9&TI7ICZMI V?O\_K:$\[
MG-W.^IM]R]N;E=[B*Q5_*KJ=39\.3[K!3F?;P$7O$EQ:7;-ZH!FP9EIG@%8L
MQEOVP/R0?[H-0
PN 62CN=9OK 5S[75EKA]M@&[@%B)T\STUM3[
4S5/9J)U

)1.

0/8#!L9?@-[^RL0VKT=+ML8WXS -
MDNQSO*=1GKI7FN^%Y#+'&]M^_.KBPV_O2W2J


)M!/+!Z

OO)CW=%7\*RWN


I1?


M?

JU[GU--BR,D&Y^U V#'F@# C*!.7N0UF5E9Y%48H=QW*IF;(FM;K/I0;
M

KU)I*PZ'&7=-+LO40C(YPYD0S4(Q@3CKL-8M62-$HX(R=U'
MLB7W5 (R ;GS0-9


M
KY)LJPVOE6#0BP$Y

M'LB8O*&=0/(&A;R;-KZQ9MN='7M.7KF-0N D8G82

=VA(!R?






X#&:QOA2*%




MPAU
0D!!WN70P#@Y(4N2+PULRFH9Q&K/ QQ=]([OTPP 4_4\=JU= ,L) &;
MIWY2755@8GP??P@PO=+3\MW 1GY?'BJ*F=#6)NASYP






MJ9/_M+EDM%47_BC]C%)2:&#:]?


;2=&I?_<9:][.5H JR^VSQZ5:-[2W 1HBT

B&Y^TC6=%D5
AF6


IKTP0T)(IGDL54[;(F40([C^_) Z4QJ



[.C%Q+.
M[1Y7TV'




Y7Q022S%@CXBW9=K=(.




0W3UY\51KZ


?_ L4)X%%
SV4.B#@_?G7QX;?WY=FJ




MKW+S%&?*Y-9.2$LC)V1C3LAB@[AM4=HB*=^C6!1'Y&[36^];/[8O
]
5HTRY

M0*0/3=.99Q2MS
A#]PGZ1



M.[0Z-TS9%^&FT7;W-XBKSJ
=L#A


MI.HHGKJ810#Y#:YQ'IV0F









[9_R<B(NKZ'&IM#D6
M]X%5QTOM<Y_B7D]+B.J^<5WW#W;!QA-BE&&.

^V)$7IKRT_ -6-?+M.^;SFDL9FWOQ


M8;E25#TI28%)&CDC?CSBNRW81W






XR2
(4=2HW4+W 9@*%S9^V^R@T
ML5S)02T)MDSA;_.1-6<RB2Q/U+X/2S

M-

[Z&-


$(4JJYYY;[P0G4:1!];'#$D@7 /'FW!A7AQV


M1+!O0Q @L(38Z*Z5\P8
M@J1+6R:-K=I8!6!I'3%V#2UBYN&ITL+&Z?/;1Q:


6WD4%PFJF^_



MQ+PK:3X =A8-KB*&?3]RGV ^
MYIX^96QBFMFS^%S[4\DU+?WRSV7 HUX;*T
M3F1N


?
M6^]DSE^7$XP?\1FN/#GD[(BH
@!O+AOS3CWV.



M8*'('F/9XF5KMY!RDF(+

MNV78\-A\?G[RW)Y2)+$
-@[

U%QX%S-%N5YSE2DV7/W)


I#GL+(\TNPGV%%



?$YK= )QW?85W!F 93!G8O:R_A%=HIBLLXTW@B3\9?.L(C$3M)H


MOVM2KV

BOOSA&LP916$M_V





#^RLQ=3Z

M'=V+Q*^B0Z\%@#4 &TL@&#?%NIIBU&H? P#]L3'?W#QK%41MH.RI'S;$(=O.



&K1HYG]II=]%1VUYH;1LP;J
M?CIILS!NC'.-6G.C#Q_N=U0T@/G&YFG6FQOJ8+#?4=$0A^QQ5)AUJN*.1\6J



M;R/[#OY53XFJ68W)D\*]\OUYPCX/;V97U[@






M+]A
\=R^9$'KZ[K+C=/V-W^O8MAKR3WE0HB:W!\
]KYA*LJ.BP[43A!)W+1[
M31!Y

5


EES)YZV+O4.2Y.(Q1AZ #TVD*89%;$4#B7^H_=^^BB

Z*1&O(%ZL[RV






M=CL!N+

E]34!3R?284E

MZ9: %W*W:.YVQFHNL4E;00U9
;YR,?P01@[?_RUSI5]L+8BE<K IX?JQ







M@^T@2

7PY!JW0=O%+=RQY9R0U&O-_M?




MK!NTK)TTBEB02!

-R#(C&C)C##D@8A%X

35^I(N:ABX4'8AZZYTIP

M2M:
+K2[/TUS1/SC\3=
3I\P+ P3W$M^&
)6#E:RI_(LBY^T)G1]766DUK-#/@IB7C:/SD,3)
MTO-0,WK=%R=B@D<$&DX=P)JL--#\.@ )COQ0.?A5Q8S.W)&W(UZ\^F[Y$3
M]1(R%DFVG(ML$1




#S2EPU-P 1F
V+$72ZXW! G
ML
&2%\ _#RQ.L-8F_A6$P=4DO0.UBU_NL8-GLFLI=K;

Z?+/:TST=_S=5 3

;1%F3$M8D7GH!5[P$(:XCF=
MV
&]=^=3A282:\O%6E_6E
XDL]!Y3

XC\E*7CR/W[))Q!PO
MSP6#
SEO3TQE+BB$U9Y


.^&



(RH 1/)CF?S@)/[/DZ:HQL_=%R-B8D@$

Z\Z.5BKT3LPC$

T1MC3A 4QC#^[

IY0+F:G*


-3CX;@%<759U4MD(N!T$KBYBD9PV-39RJ/%*+*23
M;9O
T E!LM6$6M#P1*R[N;AHM5D;YWMV$F=0]6:ZU$NL0JS2 JN0*[(1Q?;R


M]E?;_YYOZSN]EZ=)?%QV@LBS9YY^ RY843CGY-#92*)A8S]PV_BLQYC1O1

!QRJ0VZD(]'


MI=/!3DS2%I.8#7BS#FX?4LE48A9BED

M$[@W
 G\FNWCK_TP3B
6?P?

MJC.HHB*VYJ'RPPZ]=@)7Q?TM':

M0Z5:RJLKW!MR7^M#08180#03E.BBKBFP.NI#$)P*,1*!H%P'Y4M5E2VC
M
R7N#^\!X_IW*5&L3J


:Y3@^$^K-1BZ[]EUV


MG.LB=[4!(TNR$^D?U]^N@1H[29




6


M.'5^47N=N7-![L1#UY


VC?2:
M) XA#FF$0RP![UX2AQ'


MBTT


C\T4W%061

$
MFGH=(
!F?4E*)1P3BD9Z(U<V(1XA'







MXB2RL1 AJ81TN^+@

85 'F)VN(+:=


XX??L\6O(
M.O6)(B2? )+5OJP
3J!Y'SE3#J;636.)Q]?J]JN?==2
 \H4;CCQP.QW0844

MK;X^V=8DKQ
AN?M(MF1=[X+**0**1*!D%RK\2FRKIR 4;_:7/):'G^&?SS






ICXU980DC9FJ;F0S0 CK9#5H8S I+&#'3
R(DKT!R3^V!2<BD2@@9!<
MZT6U9$OKS 4 \J)2+5FQTC

ZJ#




O_HYT3A\M.3!W^.
K&\(6
M_XZ%2*\4\TH;X
L^?]F[D#SWU86#KUYO!(IB*Q*^ 50:]S!B392\EO8'GM:#


#I&

MTJCP.KIL$A)(M! ,88$XR%A[%ER::B$( )P!T%



Q:M3#*QQJFS!ATB

4.@@


M%'13]+Q*R8A)$Q@H7/3-B






'Y#/E12;C)2/+(Y?
M2C:/^\=2Q81BT%V85E#_



M73

MO-.



MS_;I7*68_U(99


MG:\


MAL:V4$
C;0W-O#3 UK]Y(M_%790\KUBDO?UH2U7-JN/]CZJLH*N^0Z@4:J!2
MR
@+4NFFCI81[:-Z!RHS0$J@*I94%D90 50-0PJN[@#J J9D%UG22S@T
V
M



+QDB6@0D
MJX]D;ZA9%FY40!*[).4W6C#



XW] LNYUOPT:*!4!6'LCV



=PP8'C/N#8
M[X%=L?\RKX

 Y1[ &5#UPP7




%!X[[@&.XX



:+ 823B[[XQ



#4

R[_@ )%0!9


:


M;1.K9VY9H9

M;.N;4+V)V&/87U$0 U5 54.H*D-KE\8K0 J0:@927U+F)2H$)P3J&['C^8UT


E$DCSLDO69KG
M9)JEXZB 5P+5L2MKXFN&M:]AJ@*: T@^=R2;0\V!5P(DJX]DUX9!HR5A[$W
MURK!PH9&9/&ZKBB9)1.*+F

MPCG-][!' LGJ(]G07&O?O3M 

CKY%0 



M1A**CL/0'[L#&PX*8@!D]8$

M![(Y0U-Z#@J7LV]%3@J40[%
FEKSF6

U&EN'_KO \CG#N1+
M4[-=96)&T




%8= V/5&QD855*-F%3\YL


MW



MABQ'?


MR:4))0(ELJ?!N&8-X1





MJZHS+QEGZ82
V .C9!8EMR2=TDPD5Y!5@6;9I5DN+5
S7&7RLCN%\-N-T;_=



^6K[GP4I!(F2=2HOLH9/Y)=0@'#@J4QRZS3G
=
M92I3L0LR+#J@&?@N?M5 IZ!YS,T-)!*::[1,LT+.G0'0=T

MV73A9 /&RL

M(MF90S$0?@:

3MYI!*'%/42G3='Q-$]7IC&I




39$_9!621:?S/O^?\OL8.Q;!K/7!]
]^#I[R(0VR6BKYF1&=QVN$N*'9+\%!0=TL#NT1$=R':$.TFM^K6





0!$$01):=QQ\
)0Q_-[+CH'CB%'T'35_T'72A5V#(/E4G



=8P7J'ZH?EE$A]\LVP/5C[(-!Y$
M(QU5&^G\C]1EF@Y!4F!I$!2NJ:A[Z8HL-T?;&

M%P2P?VEVCXH ;(7;MT)=1[
=8%AE#


M-5+6Z+D/C5&K
2Y=?ZB90V7:G;U2 C4RT-!WY)JZKA)P%4
/LB'M9D

I/74

K8$-# T
!/
\Y]:+C'
C'C.ZHJ/+)[I\;C /

M;+V0(%* 2

M[NX)G5P_.?QJ5!FS29L:RD+\ &+2F9C8^E#3+0]BHKB8P$RM36CY$MYY 71C


C?$J?8/TSY%_
_:%[0\#H)WSU
MZ8B]_)+RMS[
BKP($LZ9=3K(B#&0_?&)CAE*_LGO.KO2G2O3YR^'XJ5W0:+P

M:/YW-?R6]7\IH(3(1DG(^
JAPL'#D%/^?X5;3]?G4=S#XEFM1:KD3+V-4KYV
MR0\7YF+A5A7CB+&:9K)E

ML;SVBA5R('!1+GRB4UA*C^N[ EME2XM4;!-=/(P2WMCH!Y9QGR
8M&3^F
M:$&T(%K/(^ 3G011TNF.^9;]( M&!?ELTEW9%Q&7FD09:_@H*!@FE(O&]O
M




5R6!


0W8T/TPRUS[JY@T72-7W@S:







MYA\TR




MO/+H.SF!*@

ZWW='1DQ
0



M%U.9.C;5D,##7U'KP'T KWJHE=]\H:W)/3K LIS#JHED94RQ) ]O?J:QDY
M

##7U'+6+.P#%P+!N.$=QJ)+CUMV:4WZ.(B^

:9RJ 6E++O]!Q

S(KJGY,-X'(UH]II\#$9_B;]G-'\COQ!;ZG0\0P5/Z=IR'[
MQR0!\]S?1 PU!9MH$.<#\M?T*[WGHT2)'*O-1N5;0I3,JB5?I7_!Y+Q40-R

MJ5KN^L@

G_JF*NI/8\5T [B

M)K=9RC:(1XV


M:
+)Y?.ZFS&$LK7DKY


L&MR7RQ@MLL&C$URWFZF(3&


MT;34-[?



XQB
TU' )?AK5-Q5DO0[
\+9.Y\+
M]D%I]C%8



!B&2@

M[*N65D!G 


@U8L;]2A^BT7IC'F@
:(P^.G[ 
7 \V'?[)7 
'*N XQYXU C$-6+!\8Y2


MH5IMCPY4 57-H*H

GJ(]FUH9 !8^5A[ TUR^J!0D;&I+$ZKB@9I1-*+F/FG[PBXRR=\/-
M193



AS6N3DTCST.!N4R+DJ$4-S=&6V
M01AT@'*M:V+ZFF7WH*@ 4#YW*)O


M 

H

MC/[MQJ#+

H

7-)



_ L)Y[[8&4@A]*L

M(&TR]TM$E^

:P;YHF:JVD+*7+!Q%-S$E 1Y3HN<7)HP)*&U=M<#

H(WO4B)/R
M$YUF=!2)]! )DI $DY2Q\-_B#;@JT6[$M&::RN3+,*F"#7^MR:J\-/ 95
M![)A]Z N# ^=QC[FN7CW WR*4I;X
IAU%Y?4H8%;


M#B#YW)%L\(I
-+H DI5'LB 1[0& YY[@V?(U%UX*$BGS1$IT'X7

M@?+89=9IKJ-
92IV00 95AWP##QWOTK 




M+O:F=+4Q^% 


M^=5M$$Q??RZ%[1/EHL?TZD\




99ROE:&^<FY;QB
\\2;I2N+
^W^8(9CR1:6Y*
MW#&R2$AO
RIF?A]D\Z\.R/4DK9XTF;\^8(U[ DKWQ*;_BR99GS9A6]&$P9
M$8S-8\;N-.


MU-:01GG'Y!G_9G$7%$08KNVC3)C*TR *^3HQNEHVT 9K-M+[@B]01H
\31BB

MC
5\3'_')%R];A*V:PR;F$22


V=NE??LC^MM2][YE@CXH/8T/_
M2+





M


FY7K'[%9F0.C@\615'ZDV+*
(U2?





M.'6#8R8XMB^VN\$QZSPX]D?*


MG&U'B:F[@VWZ\)S8=HR0#KU=;&O$&Z9;;\&#]%D-OEMQGV#V/QI?PCS1;%


$INRYC)Z8K3=FA1W_2\
M)A)&1\Q3!LXV54U6KTL=TQW:9\C9ILJ_ZC'KZ+[EG':7DI*S3=5KU7/6UH=Z



T4NV)D9:3O-
#K

X!


=N



=D]N1:-??(=&NTTR)1OTL.V#C:43:V %&NZ$XCU1L/(U
VSLTH]^L



8.Q'F687L-.BK=
M
ZY!D]K:@3C'

6S08CYP5I*P

8V TD0U7DN5-[N1'H-QHU
56B^4-

MWSU

V^QLM_CK$MFE4!+YOL



WJ[2[QN:6


XZ/OU\^CS_N^TF0
MW4;):_Z2L^HJB*/;Y/6_9GD1C1^_/YS^KV(A7Y.;- [+GUV/1NF
+4ERR[Z1


MQ+#)
-W&)S


WY

;


N&C$!&

MTQFO+'JJ7V0.!PUD=,K2ENS=0D5Y5.V20M5:0F##+4D0Y;FNQ(:Y)AKJ$'
M&3IAFQ7PL!/(S*T:K!_)ZJAEW^V5LK-I[5T$

M&77]
=M/80\&X21*HKS@%T#<4YB$.+9S<AUG:9[ER:?F
M<+0-,B*1C%B^QF!C$!&:F7$U'Q/0G-9GN.?B*4V:4/C^&?;Z@7';G#\4PZH





M_O+@:GE\7KPLS[ZOGI[/23C+%@=9HYQY.&4A
*'\W!G.)+=X)GEM?'[8^/3C

^AZEUK2#K/9N.N7&I$I9?[]79!1C60TGY:= N+'00O$_):N

T?B&
M]PEYN](FY(/ Q742OD_X\2 &TH]QD.0?4T;IXX__^1^$_&7W \2[^?6LN$LS
MMCF%OS-




M#W3C9?

G5NF0%A;

XY9

]K



D)S'WJYB;@U8=V38]-[_@)? RB



M9*6$9%$^$AXD-F*X+X_3














MVY'NKC] J/BZ[L_TUYXI9+;?T'ZF/IO:4%_BO)1G.:SC#ZC(5;N\\[TT([
MK-


MR[LUL^V%[2GD8T;'5#1($Y [
VD^_BI-;L(%R2.YXTWI%M6
;?3F^YH2-M&8

[SY4N9\*371#R\0'[5\7=_:C7EWK5P]F:Q?@)BN--S=X$M'
M2JRQ.V
;O.M7Z+G%OX*J-:77A/&TOJ$EE9XA91L?(BXVDT7I/-
ZW+J$
H'L

MCM.O7/'G2\^%!--IEMX'

M+9O


];X\;!
MB'L2RYFM.G1M;-.FKOM[9S@@\RYS.;F
YA$1MB;C:
06YY56=M^-V09?Y&)J
M892QB:9/%DY\&/'^P+.;/ JC((MH^8N /2R.@H+_R;TL!FYA#S


@E%.;\+WAAE- @MN






TQIU
B!\


MY

NP.[FMC^KLB6E


)#9 HI(@BVU(+]VXP?-^X.TNE8!C.V.QJJ.B+(
^2Y
M$3S]781/NT3T-3
R@]L.=TFQ0Y*?@J)#&G[FI2/B
@F(-D2[R:V:=+EC/CDD

MLBY;&
#H_)H%TQ\NRO^JB!X9:.@[@BW?U#S/ (*507 -5/[[[*%LV(/U?5J6
MY0&0H8H/P:_F6:[F&4-@6!D



8NB!H=@FE
V!H0/(

/OYH42\-ZQ_VU1


JP







ME1 



MNQVZ8NAHEFFKKRVD!(\

HD/F&LPUS8=9F/@X7B_.D&!MYT
MFWF




@


/BY2
DKO:296-:/_.^.5
\OEG681CXJQ)WZ-BKN[-.8Z@13!PP()


M$$V8?

VAH;8QM6_9F^[V6F/]OFJ6KPZ[K/&$'Y
):

V^)FDQ=HJ

;^(9A
M^/3_&.8W*TKTI-M6Q0PQVH=J3_^PW-



M
]






MGL.;GI95





M
KJ]+:4]\%U@6FU
PZPYI80

MVB;/%I/G

MED#]K+9UP+14F'ZA;2Q9I?/QGEF*RTU)*:[Y@X[#]@M.RILDY+GX?N#]\6


&)Y 6QT3^='
MW.

MEM7I[-N;1\E;ZF

NF69TZL

M9E6+B$5[#Q)

SY;S;3Z!#J2
MF5&3-(S&$6_-E
]RCAIN3S'E0C

MZJ/$^


MP_V6%O0G)K1QFL\R^H4]]TW




59?!K3[N)WJ?QCP:6;D%



/

Z[C@
M/9L)61!RPC_P4
WU:
2_D7\237BY@ON8

M9\_-EX0LUT3$(CX'

YNBO$L)O

M8#5Z/6+BPJ.7/





WZF9OFI9
T_]

/]2+H/)\-^XANE1_;I&*5 W5MHYH3

M6E/!/TCU2



V8+#!LC-BHH?R/3.?3$NRE&EZ?L&&A4MV
MR
2AW4%K


M8AL




0FD


)/.HPM8T:+O836MP.C+7AG%D
48WZ!,AFZU+,J?U3I+I6OPRX_
MIZ:?-S6HAFW^K_.*/JD/DY5@]1F&FE!)7)9/@4_C.FQ;3(,.GU2A(_TVV

MFSC

YOUD@BH3NJ)-D@2_]BOS5D^T@28W)O
MQ


M+3'

M5)'K/
VED#C'%LAU2@ODNE0MD.L<6R#-



[4UV
Q/F-.C:O4UH@


221Q_FOTC5PK5%Z6B^B)'JJ]2









GU=7GB:


^ISKCX[HKQFYW1VT^9O;Z&V[B




M*D@
I'YNYW+H+97C

R$?

M'T\\OV1*=W!/A

WR%X:1

E1
IV8*2OFP0
M&:XE6CCIQ2*/2D9V.;S94''OY5@=*%F5%6A)IV=P%U V2/+MH$7:N



M \4/GZ)2A_ZZS?;LF?S%A0+(GY_D.:XTH.A3RU?WB$TT'X')('YLAEZ'IR

)I^[@!4K4ZDW35@W4%6F1


M(S^Y\3
(BLAD1*9]7S$Z# 7$
M[%/['EG(R,)MJZ(LW+:0A:PL?*XJY^1A8PL/+8KRL)C&UG(R

MR





FH7RDSC4
MA$]_
K2H;I2
%T&J-C_U]P.SB6W(R[8
ETU58N^O/$AU%M\83*V]%51=!H3W



--J^^%Z7K3S0_1
P[I&=@UK*(/






NR.&(;%


!3P


&Q
MC2QD9.&IJNV%)VPO9&9!_P^9^.WP
*@\_UDQ
L*P\?PGLI#( JP%Z@Y:0A![
M&)_NKU:Z/0@^[C #5E; BHG^W2V
-Q/#A81

586*@9)2^RO26;4KPGZ)1QS[%F?0JIC:E9,50V8J\J

MP;.I=.&4@E6:5





#$3RD7


W6*M-=!!@B;+Z47\YYY]


^2+

GPU'KO/2
MZK_4_/6X43/XFM0 [4=!;)7F:QX@:LKU'*I4G2#192
Z[?-@;%[5+M_%^]12


M-??O$\@SC6ZQYQ2[5 /$1FBR6 (=(]$Q;KGJCXM@A
OYU9ZUJ6V
8):BW]
T
M5#Y^IT\-RJ:P'#OPD80SHZ&7
$M'!.
O


_ KF$5










MPD)U6*1M[W9UJJ:3JO$BZ#N#7IUR4MO4+L*B105!@Y%Q=\0P)):+[AXQ?I$A

P%/ R?1V


)CNZ(L/+:1A8PL/%6U




L&V4'\'*#E:?&ER8U/PVX?8=
MM=B4BEGE:4H7&A%2CR/_.XO_3*JW)*-\CQC2?
9G(J;1!]?7#G/94+4^;TE0





AHVSK7H!
Y5$CYV(2II0/=2DJ]6

F7J'G^*D@B--*HB9.3!%(68^5^V2;2*C;O;-





4!\_DG8V]\?*LEVJ.'ZFT

GG;36Q
7E1^(*(RY21]MSF$T=Y\5__N#+B&6I
M[T7A1CWQ6C%]DJRQ3R*)0M?2_FW&QW*_8
2JMNW5_
)5:6MI] ?.S?MWR/=;
M?9


*/IA)D24((39DHS

)

Y#UQ\
MH6^R


M+=N\99:P.^1PB:]Z5_58!RE-:K,$^U5JP3CA?G8YCCP Z%PE\8RZ\=;@]E
M'VL
=X@F[T$QGPXGFL_+/#)J61XUR0IA8HX%6U2.;[\\=6*Z'6F&*)0+-B6N





8Q9-$.4J!X
M+A5!1DCV#S5?^,!](X(^$V/$;IFT7DPWN&Y7&]\MM!*.)MN9]W4&B@U[J[6

54&
N'CPAP[9LX
O]#^P=?M6)BG3Q:\Q$A\B@

M89TR).X0Q-4L20&F!4B  (O5E;=8W?'MC\7J:FCTJDS9TZ18W?$-CL7J2E*L

=V*=!5K_T;CI'FI

B+1
N%B;$C
M&QXA


(4B%&;BPYI%LC5[IUF(
'KM(E6#1H*
7#3J\E;%H4+6L
MBT6#

ME&!C9OMWL

M)MDLK]NNFCZXZ7X U


^=7
%7''Z.')N;+&YD$D&'1\AS 3E?[O'V?






M%@D'1ZO$GFR3$9L@&#F
&R8I.
K4$5
S(KD62;^0.HS!.G)_FQ-A(I[%XIFJ
M\GJAJC0@VPR0R=/ZPQ/


_HE2DK*A^C:;F^KD'H0W&;=!&V%P=
M<UOCLHC[+H?.0N!:5<8;+$LZK3YQ\=7=20NRVII)&YWXFI6NQ.K929 
%]K


9*R3O98T:#]JA2-*.UC][?A3,$M
MB]G#,U.+0!8)WHM6:A1([+V+<2^[%;)'IAY3X0MZ:]*OW*]U9.%KI[]+T^:
M%SOEGWOQ?CIJD;Y[/Y7_S$OF+6[7&Y:R9(A+479LJGJ2UH]#*Q!5%*U7TA..


J]T&=\^/7@







:1#+]

M-E]P]E?C46N87^M0DRN6_':S*M8;N.:ILL[XS9?\I@OB /Z$ _CX_6K]LCY
MU%0@:0%L^-U:.F-QEQ?::BZUADO2^R0U:2QOBA*S95:79(6TMT!?S76'$5#

M?$2[Z'-J7=_1@:
9I(NBJ/$$1:N M22%%3Q !H?YD ?J4 L*UP^]6/V
ME8(+_V?1U
6Q*
:JE0





EJ-EGZ88#

M_5NU (M6R91X\NTJMY2
QV
BII@FV9S 8P:]%AY*E+-^-=0%][C*Z'E(T1




M*G6J/



FMYW.;]U9=R7L#+&3_01C:H&$C;59DNV





M
A/#
MPFKC,N.L@_\FG38LB-&MS&F4+ELGL)Z5(R):NORN1;&E0?#6'&C;W XT\PY
MWVB4+JYO8=5]C\QUXV#J%+[:E#JOE*QE$M=32N'P#)B;:&_)+BX,?2K_46N
M8DQ-!REC'?(W*8!8
30*)@MDQ@




M




))L$6 +

XN^NGLX]



MU*&EYI6WULS=51NRA16S:[7&);N=0;R2_ IKWH!_V?KW1A (M(++OE0)TN7
M/GM!K*(Z@9IK]-?&BFD+M-JJ]GONQRNRO[*Z0O6]5_1Z;2^SWY4?+GYWS
MEOG2DVHZG.G'2TR2

MGEVW15LP:_K ;C?#KW3CO3W@K-2
+;2L]21O!Y&59*?O ^U/W2$-AX)
1LQS



M-_$PB9L_8CW[GJOO3K.FCM#F'K3H1D!#1 %ALZH -KE:TALLI+K70@M[F]A?
MDU);J^YQ:8AZN\RIA#:N9K2S5DOM4.[TM?V;&WIJG?ABV

MJ2NUD@ H;MNJEO-&

G




SPB!GH?^@
OJQ'O 'AZNPZ/M*0B2X!02!\H ?.C1P

_/6V


 @3(&]RBSM
M9.DT#'$@7=TNLK*8U$X6%BEO



M6%/IVS9GS-3/OT
*'VB. 6J)I' #_7TXB)Z(H-?$&\'






.US7][PS/)[8&
Z
M$


F1 %V<Y]RG_C69




KCY@D
&SEBDVR?PR(/YDP;

MS+OB/_A[S%DH
M7<2'?BWL?!P[TCU


M)&)^CBM-;=]\?3
912






_(IE6LLT[C46/O6_3T)^
M1M&T+^X-K)-Q^QKLWAM1/PY 
26[H0?W;

U/;?UWJ'XS[DA;)+GQL']G90U;%)ZU<=<]I\DB*[
K4^^C
TY9FUCN?ARE\NX?E</
L)?LR=#W7'H

C1K

A+HG4-T%'&!U^

F+OD
OI;J2#E6H'@E
M-G(63I+WTJ3;GRYFK#T
[#3RH_2J]@ #KT
:#@69C)@'4S$EEOJS1O4_2D_6


Z^+CX

M2?;:^2'ZUN!+(_H%R*F-+JU7_:[W9



M$7E6VXOT!5SX9]


M#8&:
?77EQ3
RB3].!*KJ6AK5[
3/;-L-T_ZHZI;5JCCQ?KDRR%VB?1&=$S@

#$X
#4R

M($MT3*Q



W[\C[__^4^_
M_$\4?2&





Z4
M 8-$YE.69 5,AE/6_.*-W4P2HRN@67X_-\X*\C5_!O)=W[W%H<MX2ZA;!E7



M

MP50[6:HY5Z.0;*J




M@T'?D

*^']2Z%WS.
8*^)1Q- O'Z,E?$8
M8N@;#_&GD4.?0*AA]CI;Q_*1@X@\RDC6E69&3-&(D;P(B01B17
04_2J
MYN'&K'JCG'



RM&BL3EJI$4:X=SJYN

MHC


M_E G

MOA8J.CQ_N@:3+ =^/_^[H*NE/O[8DPH6N-^9('%&_T/2+S%E\HK=B5AYP6Y)







:4_.

M^]
?(XG**N0&4P#LR%W(;@O-5D!C9.4


-G?+SJG3&.H?
X&IN[A(P\69CDI%





M%$/_%^%

MK4A 1F_BAZ_0W0359]?K+!N0]5^Y^&W*K@5/B-90[2Z


MP^J1)N. %_7P[K$Z399VN+@AM=MN!9)?2721Y6A.I337Q2Z88#I6$Y_E-YF
M+[Z8['$T&7]X@NR[H/88LJV!?RW@P!L-V_;8O[Q
)28U\HF0.#++
Z4BHGD
M@FRE&7:
;VDG





;.N+




WK
M VP?[LF-3$*E
8_E(IIG_&&@O.6OR 5
5*[AI==9SW.RXI+F5VS;XFWH;Y_R
R%#H=3#I5SF M*/NJ
M 4^!5

=MH TU1  TD8(





MF*T
?D(O QLKQQ;M!_1H'5WPUD;.&-'(?36[:S4-?A3_K.S8]HC7R



M]_C[MDNXQR%LWOH
::V3U6//%AM@GQ.\![!-VTN1]6_P#W@;W#/
U6?/%BOT




YO@?7^?TZ__U

+NL!?_=^SNYNO1E]]^_-__?#S



MJ
<GP@V@
_&2/\:/O& H*0[(MNCA
M'\;_V2R@J\V2N=ZMFV=D1VG?V#N]_L%V*GP=?BST..:F\8D.@'])CA-H)?
M-=(1N]MVQRSYBC(A1/_C:R&(UT?:?TG.Q.D_OBY8N1UN?5IVE*VFCZ,9IAV
M6+BS3[Q*62I&J)N6Z)M&[U?(!H12_&Y7O



M/[H

6





M8C

D?Y#/.10
KE;CZGF9A%

M_/3O3^B%+




2O.HGX$7%2V7N6#'/1
MJ/Y59D+P<K% ;6?<3++R90D29)) DM<^F=&RUI1A*+:QCQZ; 1Y;VL:F/






MP8_T
B
/+TN6S(6N.9XQ7-EF#L4S)4]:]STA2*&^UM95


M -!^D_8.@P81GJ7.J:!

NYT
((A?:K6E4;
)



.
M 4 (11

(O^K4K44]^4YL!
MD I@=M=9(1=B_\CH4AE



+23MP
B



S^!8USC3&!ROF@7;O#)@

=X73$$'TV1\^7IX$Q(72<
M
\LL8%





/)WQ*Z^&9SQ?HWU51MV724TP*/OANAY
^2
M\&KL$9V.Z(82U27MQ@/44#A9+ 5S?+-'\VLPZ]:O/G1_ZNN7B]G%8J3TZ]9J

M3QLZ;T;96VZM%?8T)74.R:W@&O$&\0=:U?O;@C27Q+3OZ(#0:[DLK*DT[^6


M1P$'UV([Z3'2.X



DJ./LQ]#X.VC?/
.P0U^

Y

M%3.\&S*\E3$0(-?!@#*[X:0VN2I!?7H%G&-*A?.MR3*EHDM4H[]$B.]')'_
M=4*2^%/\F_+QXPD(]%UB?+5AC##O CC\3RD25C2$K



M4ZG1!+4T=4*

Z+.[(C2-G= U

+.OIF_I@)3&8M/[
OL+<TX'4O@8M4KK



MWD&:K[?4G-S&$2 [RM%JW_)5/@8K4U2M*^U!^(L:/0ZVEUQ&ERBD9DK$S0



&4=#DC8IH+S C*
M-.53U*U<5)6A-+U\65*F*7NA:N/@]3=DBA/*FM.H-T<O'JXE_6.LZPR*-[7
M![+^XA=]8__$&U>1CS




O[*$YO*X:3IYX#'^S1A3#WSR%O_5Q?_@+@/MQQ&6*[YQF8C9YE:!1

MP'M2T-W]%^U&:=0G0$R


3*T7*Y5((R*1BF3LRFQ?\?GQWK]VJ
MC/L%@K2V;M25W3[3 IL'XEKWCW%T




;_N
#F7FV(U




MVLO_  FJE4F#=C%.P42KM-%26W
H1'P:CPO5^PG@8]-J?-1.O8*(3RD'47/!



M#EY_^9)@SA_0RQG.!=L7_$IL&E55H

MU6K!?




'+#PN5TGDN LQ%#,Y)4-D^F3YK2M@V0FUT5<922$\T%=VCS



/1)Q*^S3M8_Z%B%1_IE)KJ1HB1@.+





MJZ]I&%GO5Y=S#5*?(S2 #ZBQJMD$*OB5V%U_16TNBB$T./4_7!4;.+U4_9C?
M[%Z[L

Y+QF2E



Q/_ID^)T;8.3+N4C73*6OC4(
M\O4YEFWM!PPA9CU!B,D_F:RG%L64VNB#T']LYM=6Y41:B_U0\39=CQ1ZX/
CQPD<_NXQKZ6V+4[$B9ONX
_W%T7[X=H07RXRN
M

3@S$JJ3B-MFH:H.RY



EL!H8R6P*';DZ+('45NJ*W]6'D4;K^


<]7C5Y7462




2(&)XQRLXI8SB1#'DKN695_[_*
+MKWJ[WRA9G27N' #2

I!QA!LJJ;P!H8AECJ4++
6OU@[^05PB
MELN[16XQNY\CALV0&/;R#^<*$?8;RDK\2.I=<A3VN38Z=P_(
3)](KD*$^$

M&
*RNW^ =SC!0LY^-!:AVCN$ 







M3T\@8F9MS*P56\Q]


MK




M&H=@J.=T3.KNL#KSC9DZOH !-ZI
M

M\1=D9C



J?@B-CFV




9E+N!
THVR-^(@1@))=E_WGI-G;4TJ.6'K7T

M




2UR7Q3Z0D*5<<'5BP5BN23JAG(^GHII&R=_EH17?-V,PLV8#N=
M4UXD5




M.R!K
LG(DUR+OXDU-4-

:=+G&I?KVCC
MXO7%'#


MUKVXJ4%O:SUGQ9ZE7OSK4'
4/_V[H[&;EPKSZC!6Y0']N:^2'T]9:J(%/=


M0GVMK9]NYS90
U=[:_]D*_:


E:;2J5[

EGZ_+:*B3*


M]AK
/_B]4(1-Q
(F2F$32J9:6S9= P 3HKR8]3I$^8[P/\YPGLP7B/VA9533

M&#@
5K/R;+E6[3W\ _C




M\'$X J\72T18E=%*N6IAZ1O[)WY'A[S4\C4_7.?K;$4L8WC3V@(IE.N6+^)B

E*L%


M564#?T3O;FTZ(&N[;B[Y-O-VKC.[\M'3E*F/H#=1XG &0F2XX5
F HYZBNRWFVVG^BV8_M!P@!<GNUQNL@,6FEO8!N1)N_6:
M+JE&\L^*U#OS#B$J0N)<![5%28)XBT M(W#$?\EYTN<DG!J7:UM[8?,(3P
M^]8ZIE!/?E.; 9 *8':K$#M9LD%&9&QJ=?5YIC





MZ29%T_:REJ!NV7&N3QSG'A[OS&IS8L/B6QOA81^H3=X0*!9V+USUXN'OAL##
MFMQ5^(RL$@KW=03#N(:A
')OR;D72W\/AJ5-AV#86 S$^-&8CYH@
4N_:T

#M9^VU7K1ER'.
MOX
YZ%S=U7K\4T[I2=__. !X#\YMLS^ X;(.04!@^$[OYM@PG^&=4J!XT8W'


!G9)J!H

44YJFO Q 0=9]#?7U



RJ]PD:E7
M&C;:75BAX

XX

M&3S=N!U=?66!;+


)R%-WE#)9A

( $C#C^E]FX$4UA0!)C#;]@8X;3^@$*?

MJ%3H:#3+]G25;E8#:**2_CI'4U30)*4+VZN]38%DXUZ^L3&RE0=IL*:-)3

M1#(^DGZD$FT%[_IZ$LG





MLN+H
]?A/?ZG3+$:WA9.)@XWY@(+U-1#:#U)# ?#J0PDN-F_C)&\(/DT
/
MP:A;^B?;)F3@ (=]M $
8







M1T/;YM/3YV'J7+00T7:5&ZE#.0SBO/BMDP=_/LQ-Y;2S





E^5C1I*1Z+I$^:IG29K.

M$63;UP&Y%T16X



M?D3-C7P0 ;ZOXC+ZK8Y:2P40
5K;VE?4QS$6=HWK2[;NL7J8
D+3
'%YA
MQ&ZG!VWW-8+*17-^CD*H&P$HH_#X?*J4V;8%+Q3A;:#XT&=.)+PZ'=W\:F!8









M:OV=U?LDF-QN[=6^E655M


M'QA*L=R?]18$5;





'T#1P::

JTSL1F3Q:@J5]!JUV1=W7'\C%A:5U#C0L__
M3//Z'YL:X%QL3Y6K85(6@E'SE.2SSZ4J8RD




M@$R3QH/UK;9_=JCMOS5_R
#/ASE:FT=XK6Y?Y[7TI9@5WZ\?T 1_0B]D42YJ
MZ\GF2@&!9B

9I6@G]*#

1R
M%;R=A31/C12N8[XJ3ISEJ\)+^
VH#O?L+WF*V9[%2J+8+JE;(0CC.SD+FXUK

NQ/OQW;W6/&'<+QD.[PL63)'<ONF
X86



M.8
BV?:*T#

MZW9D!U OQ-ZZ
L?^<%7MQ


)IGM*\8IQ'E/\Q$4JW($PR
MT

12O_

.8=8\'


MD ][? UUSB 8'8[FCY$T14H^)!3O50T[!1
!N!E1GRT+K0$B$(:JLXAGVV
MU[;BJ)R3HP.K/7
:#

M_

MWHP!2X$R@W33.08?W*%O%@9%^[75ND,4%L&L5^SUY%@:1.[_:KY1T)H6@7

M/56Q\OK[JKP^R
K





K= 2




M_Y+S)4XJ_Y-VUVYM/V (X4^=RO0B7:+BG=D_2T9X2A*Y\^AYRJQ7P+C[ U5$

.0_S%'Q.RVS]'JQ1$FQM1GJ38O]!HOY6EZRG;KY
MIZG-!@(1MIEP0JW

M9WB
#E

EPYFNL84'J+F@


0=^*T?C;CY(:F#HBY(#QA9$'R6OK-


<&EV*6L4S8;9$3%GKJ:V9'T)W*_!<

M6OY8B'Z3Z1T62E&E$]\RNL2Q@-4ILW] SA#F;0WL\Q+F1$3R6UJ&N M#6'


1$WX3_ER6_#+1RL!L-^82AAHB  8VK/?E0.+JM07!*6!E%BX!ADV[
MJ3B;?0G<?MM^1CK5^7KQ++PR3F:^:C\:Z&K;AG6
A@

MD]27=6-UB^/F+AGX^_V*K^Y2M(WBF/Q*.V[J#1CE5/@]$MT#4X;8&P*#DB#I
M)LG!$#2TS
&QJK=4HS5MT!$W]=XJ!3A
MAL18

)
!AP2)


BEW
2#4^;(SOH[!K6HYT/!1

M[G1%3_W[\M2[
0A^+N7F

&:
MZ CEY2C[.CY?+\]1VUZ@@VPUZ@X&B#O8S[G1 D /%K^R3RZSS)RE2LEN8U




Y




L_4=U_R\

M!7J=7PDQX%\8
74IO6[#P 5






MU

MI+&[V'6&JX^]L2YP*1W^0+7_^T%63\DU(GXG9$3Z93E5VPXRC1TAF#V($;
+6B*,TC*\Q'0#%2Q/MI,1*7[_2K=&\+JZRTE;=^O_Y;D
M?;]'WOHS.OJ/Y+3&PC4M@E 8N-';FD%G

ME0.2#%L[(.EPZ#J


MOS5+2FS=3*G]KC4X.[7=R0(N']'@NVA 6HD%H SV;GGX1)(2#;1L


M

M


M

M9TD83C]H(9EU]0]

M$0!@XIY:Z/:YE_6E)8!'3

M&A91@3Y&[V/* K=JSU7%G\ C

MF'L1D$XY

MJT?7_^H6EV8RE(=@
W

M^XXZ/5S=
#31FUMAQPM9C\2(_.8NH8&T)G*W-1\L@/ IYQ=XBAG#Z17)49[@








8ILC
M*&N^&[FEE0


MP6(DV.E%@C6;%N =9D9@E.;B@49O^3 &#S3 J\DI

'HG!(ZXF[Q:S







'T&(0Z#-4


05C M@M-;







]@[^0=P(
MT49:3DN22;U42[^V;0#2

P_G0

H0TQ-N@ (AFF49KOT//$8(67*91$?N%X6F8W9*H*
;'H
M&2-[8F0/\

QT
M-?6*)G
$Q0%G=9:IP?!=EUV 6BEWH/CS^'LE!




@5E4O/I


N:N5[!CUE 1:UY=NA3._Z2L&RF%





+$0I(OUC44WZ8PMK0*D3+.

MP6)6VVMP4=3&0P48J[YAH'%)'^:3_/)%UCPN9]+HL0*QH\Z6$;] D2
;6W
MC$Z53M.&%O[)O%XL$6'UA!T6:[S.U^(KSLB3K




)PXE*AR^)K RH8.HI2
9T%X+*C)O0(


M.3ASM4. !M/FZFP'MS[\3J-:? :WS(XS




4(&X$J/D-Z6Y6*R-KB^CM@

MR+1+N7ID?(AJ]?Q:2\
*U*Z'#^ ::R1+NR&;=('C2AF\X^Q6'-NY_HLT-8G%
ML!05I JQ




L[#X

\4
3%#O&IKA28
]JV8
'JD1XB\]I(&D-

MBK%&O%PL$%O)9YP(F61*$B0&0=N-:+2D&4D(YB-6WQLQ0HS)6/HZM#Z5IL'

MX=]&&2/6CDSL@WBCT#]W?*H):]2VC44^O+@3]=^ .MI[_2)W&&)DP*+@0HNZ
M?BG:38P(YB3712 =BZT'$I/DB 4Z2+W@?-$.I\*!+N.74V*=IUCGZ?2B8=HN

M)
H$*].C](VC?2U6H@5NI(H:2M103D]#

BJMZUO]7J3 G!P

JR/65&VUM3^RF=(5QE68T





M!XN_N-C_&*I72\V *X5JU&
D_[ O
-/E0MR7TQ!295LY $;TIR21^[-H#5
MI
O@@82/J-U1=YUS(0/)\T%*HYKT%9
N_H%L!:&SU?;/7XE8LRR9KVYDP((&



MP-8WLB4EDY4\SZ3^4LDYK^Y@
Y@+%Z^!

0;=NSE HDRJG=GV289_V=6@W6JG1A7#U KW1LNTV+FN


-!PT
Y1-@







)K?0H&5'[YU*=P
M/+_(B6*M8K&[IX^9RSXSE_LBEBY^W#&6D_ J%T&HY6HK7WPMV*#=#60\T)BN




MS0)]8PFUSU5S=;M/&*FO03OXA[LA)$+DO!)+4MV;6GMD?SCNJ7*[$=WB57
M9$G2E(2\05DM5:@TY8X9Q_1GD$A#L.T-C(XIUTD@0L_$[[6[SO7P-X^!!NH5
M?-%(1G\*P_B:!GQLSEU7?3LA)E)(T-MS



\
=
M77








AC2MXB
MFK-X^U2X;$DHG:C0+NXME \DN^0;^6-*WR*^0U]LOQ?EQN^*HL@BI**M:H_^
M &A SKB



S)39\B5XEV


O#2NFL:NGM=BG5
6%ES


E2
M&L?BX@^U^&%W\#'^=XSJ&Z/ZQJB^$T@ /R^:

N
M(A.
46Y=15
I1!N3MFJ%II2(-E2+3E@T54CTUVGG-^NN[C(85+]^-!?W%V!
MJ+&XH78&($9W=QR
3:[%H%XW%UAJ''(@!R/4$D!D5RD%Q8-!8A0%@*8C:'H
M$$I!=@-5H(Q *#IU@(

M(SH=30\J).X7G6ZF!_&^-30G=ZE; MA@*=J8Y1RV']:+3O'3GLY4=R9W2
M93Z;.\JY[O0P/8B:3SXE#*S
P:6E(%/0S

M=)H*@/#ZQJ-
3D.GH^B! Z7XHM-
]##JQD0A7(Y:K[1+








M\G@Q
+KV(3  W27OZ!KZ(,!RE[[KW2?%BN#_@ H0#;%#G.!L1Z8H*B#U6TX
M# PXSLP VWNA@'0(340O@(;^N PA=,M.[G5!!-= T=?
%O@3O(L-<1,9P9M_0]'D5I.2
MBWFAB'WCLK?*&MYU.'\



?]XE




M7'3((F6$(3IITCYCH$6?T

E9R'H1S@%AAF)XE]*
=\;VM/'G ZE-/=
M FM@$;CHCBPW


MLP!

MF]$VH&M6Z#_PH




X+4]9BR#$V]=^ZB

M=#'I=9=QD(-O0@4E[#U6TP_.MK82FT5##5U\\9#Z09]LQ3GU$*P)7*S6


Z43NO/4D#U6*U\K%9^?M7*+;NH



#$X



:&





TP)YX.H?;4\R=X6=[N3@CI'WA'0UWLX;MM4TCY0#)
MAM%H[E0!N5]&W-OLZ2K$AKWS$\_H []DL3@@L2 2YFHFD3RG6<B]$%LS.L@




M_)A4[F2*^Q

M+H-D []UJ;@
Y$)[BW2$AJF=U3*Z3FS'=^2$W%0(F)!3H !4QFV%@@D1))![
DICNF#9
M-+ND0O$I@WXM5MYF^WZSL\D*#*1%8!07VZM;@%!1CY_<_\-W+DJ# A<L9(W
M[[[VLCW;F4ON9()L;;K_+'0 7]$DV\CU3W];LY7\%;%S:HYE=/OK@.ED#_MG






B
2W
MYXQURC-F&JS=%;X[F:U3%M


WG D^W

^7J6+=91\7(Z&E4Y&//1ZTPT


 37$8$0.X!7G\87\=2\EV38*VV3LF

M7;-@!BI3X'BV3A*!5H/-U?P@TD0Z'-517,(&6. F, _:RALV);C!Z^0'*I


M

OLBI_1V9LSBI]F3A#A#58]*-


M

Y-/2@.-R




I7'E-JU0CKD.V&)$M2I
B^BW'G2'
M.OQJ4&ZM*=&.+D1WEON$1_Q^!%*2ZJ_



T-=W[
M+CTZ$974F\LGRA/\EP#%EU]0& JV!%A9GL%;KSXQC7#GYV.Q?-PD[DN::






_]'4
M$$@?ITVJ6^

I


T5K5)
M=^





MU@


M:PT43HOZRH3$?2F1/KN)D





M3X(P3
#X;LS;*C-Q+SYH.MTJ47EC#^0E]$E0R)ZIJ@!PS=/T
M$\UN%@_!:X,[/






!M]%










H


H
^N50$WJD&M2MQARGACQRC3@B

(*%:;P-








ME.6.A7?'[31]94U7A
T/8@7R8$#;HG?@*02@?OR$+=SD^BQRW*8SX2&E\_12






M63:F*





M+S+?M@\52R3F\8DL[


A4UQ1(*8N!E@06*:7LEY$M*W@A3)OUZVYG2NP.M

D)0FO[A%L1'IE*.LUEZ'6N$H<\I<E5\L[KL,0/V+0FKI6_]! 473<%81
XME?M;]?<SGN8UO^]H

(;*B+B)\/T7V)


MB^S1:]Q:JD:EA@WQ?9RZ61$GXS(JY'U9RKI]E;O0X!HBY#@=:IUF?$F3:Y9F


M-AL6@G5XV#0'6WA93XS($8=

D
M[0L-=RX)CN\HBC3N3'Q*V3PW($\W#P*-%@M


DB;#&



MS7UD
(0(V8D@CK9^0L_\DB<99JL

M1=NS2/58.Z9M7?=IO00?F*]ZANU\Y+V8X[CH5&E(-'L7:I_!%HJJCF6]!9(T
M)7U[!^K9Q[5XXE%UZ*@
DZK47C@IVU=]VUBE@H_:!BXPMETT#5*/$);_$

MZ9(G&?M[6]5$_$#FX\@: +HZ
O;'#+/Z7-/T#U=\705W(@^]R'TW4)K5Y$
MG=9



#\ZC9F0&^E]
4CG4
EVQCD.78DS-H<VGD+P[VFX3F2[VXM7*.EYQR!5&U
MPK91V<,701(+JR:]I8F*J=W4#] 6&
?(C:LQAYFUH-T*I#)%K37B!T'\\P]
M3-X8UF=G-H7N:T97BKLLAP9QGXR@-(LVYSME=QSI%?QGZVMM%#$LSI
DA^

T%0IY



MA-Y2
6MQ]C'(PJ?:ZPCMYS%V==NX]BL&)U U83'#J1X#6O)*R3@S-3W[U]

M\]KMIMVX@)NS

M.(9_;A?

MP23S+JX


/;-L
XV#:).R]&9Q&;#DIR!:TYM%$3J;GA5-
MA1[X*?V11O/3S4







1( @U823L#V/92C C<U(*/R

M=LO^]LS
-$\&+D9!ALF2



MHS%=
!D)%K&%G_SL[H7 ^XJ%8V\.)?D,5\WJ[SZTK830-[B_/14RJF-+=!
MA/G1Y 0R.SK6=V0&B_ZK%]6*^

X@4 L

[(Q=H63PBXRD??D)^.^83

FDO=\%T9!TKFP9
WOS\EY$W

U5
R!(UIQ*@N%W!BY

MI(0W-L.D1

4
(],^T+7][14RU7,^DQI^,TC?_Y65F%,-K \OR_^@)7Y
M?65EYE__[?1B;[T=_M!S%6T'L-YF[^+ZP]7GCTXEHX8]O)GF@?%JT[*EVW/
MA(@P\4')S35;LJRYZ$^O%S$Q;%H ;

M#%Q]5S&34/HM/?VW





?+L3F]
MBP1EE=0

M$FA$G%+9^5QL''GI'\B(U
BM\N9CUY#I7CYWW4GQ&:Q4EZAAL#*)76!& J!


MSZGZ]RJ^R#OOYNZD2E.=9FNE]Q!X&T0;E
/-4QLGI/JW2#-BHYN&80+QQE!E





B)=JIP=


JR




MSI+@^N]C]=2]9]+DJ8[OU=ZI(F+




Q(33;5AZ8R
MUK)Q:9@8%+V

M(KPW8T=A.WP

DKH
^/KE/76/X
M4A+)EG 8AAE9!*/9@UO98B1T_0*




M/.V[*
*3GA7=Z1[X*?V11O/3S4
P/[][FAZ_I_!E6Z]F3X+?8'O(*FA\2_I(]W07902CSZ/%$68TCI,?VFGKW
M]A^A4I8,IA<?2)*7@7V4*) $<.AO3'X1C,1'U#QM5CQ[HAF#7E4+%@=Q&TB


EP_Z0EM4[




@





/6L.0:GT
NKX/Q7VE \896

.Q=




Q*?VD_P!&]J<V0-8C4W+8
OUL!/I8B^F-&EF?



R1S\7R:L9 L*+0CB4@J2%@+5;4YR+G../1D@3_S

FW
M%@R)8*LJ!FJ54P^W
#XW&3Z6M3(62[9DQ !CMF4






M)];5$I*]$R8
XR3AR1D7-G&X!=HN4@-&P+B.^D&R[C4ML2$2';+%!R]^'JC&
MQP[.A1X4Q^1U(@
D@VV^[$I1+;N:;+E$)9?$G\?K4V1PLH-S(43^^&V2QH


M
7

=BJTD\\4Z5\9Q$]YTN!?./Y


12R\C'BP?S)J?0:QXQZ,95OB%4B(!()TOD.V\Q KL45







2K.U8&%YGKDJS=JPP6:-U!.T;-
5+;Y5Y+N):

MA-] =FO3I7#?][&WQ+IP;
O;0_!*4]7O:;:1BV(5:D&V1*.I_!2B4%W]U_
M]F
V])\3/IC1;J7V-F%+N8!:#Y
<IL(F)7)
SOFLS


/N55




]YX(/8[!CEQ



M\
4!=L=S515 094W&:]$P/55#J!FUR;1:X+  B!#55G;B' U04!L6F\0:Z
R@7G^OO@#YOK[RESG




''$<$WTNI&O(N9U+K+36
M4

-4X& VY&MGZH/#]
 VF=0J0Z?VZ+EFICG6;X J=8Z51IOF)*O








M2!PF1&%!*FB0-T*3I_+KCO(?]@)J=:: X_CJ.H'O6:QCE@HT\NZ\3:?#Q@?1


;Q6N

L :


+R^K286W;T1&=UHXAC9RSZK5]
M2 )PV-UOEC



M^

M;%Y4



]K@P




@K4=!N
M






#I$9GY!4%EM-BF*K05$B
RG+3$X(S4(/


M5S@!J=_A-^63Q=?5G?N+VZX;19KWF.2!R_!G%L_3AG+8S0]@%MW.0+;76@X


+95.-TAAF\+


08.(DZ_$NX8*@18


*

'T7&BLJ#_D1?Y$^H$B4'+]LH25(\9:$,MN0:R'0-(2

L/NZ
09Z)5ZBY#
M./+V_+%2A
(Q)-[C!LM1]A&'TDO\.)[C ]=74[*.@JFQSE #8-9;+T!N
VIV


MBMGZ-$'87DLE&E+$2D1(%9

GY,MW(LXH:[6@EHO(%<CRTCV[^J+I.T
MR_AI[SVH=#A=V_BQ@WV#,W26J[58\F?!B@DCFOV=SN_Y(GL)$OHQ)]83)/-


FVXXRR%@417E)\!LL[-SQM _6!W.-4
&AQ
MXOP
MP2

M)=



^<DIG<Z@LFK8Y'#2?@]I@'6.;WM[*!$0IE::.SMICL.?


-/P@171-Y_E1G=?ODT:U]P6-4\$+QU
M+T[%EIA 7E&)%^$%8GX


A-TYRDO


$QH7G &

1ZB
V4&)
I

5,Y<]H8GC.I?K62I.@P+1_#%M49EMSZ+
MK6-9-Z;U7(82*)%0_<9:M[.5]^*58^$)G^A\'=&;Q5F00JD*^ <2PYZ#(R^
MAV 6=097X@;!BELO8-;E


%)?*+1$J_JX M

ZR
MRJ G;_Y*@\3A19)SUAB*5$@*A$BXQ4@&!
A+IYUC:

M#_&/XI_[/Q!5SW




M5VTQQ



(

A#:/9-OR_8T+(;3F- G-R:5+?0




R


J4FQNQ


M_15$QKN/:4U.W1ZFS_'1[U\_/Z=DZ'1W.UA '7$NQB@YV@?PW'\4[6S8_Q

P!V;A0#C@]N]4(W-T:C%G9D

^.6F(9QTI!10?'N%3FZ
1RE497F84CB8
MF#$KA4_B./?P0J-G^E$F7QE1#DV#.E$2^\#'J2SVL;2O-(;SQ9GR %2)PI7H
ML&
MQ2J35H:

8^=P?
9#51GG@6@P;*+$RPT%VO$T?@M=3'B3S9M'M?!@C

MMA8XYG!JB K$F5-M28$$[659M L%[\4CQ^H8

MEMZ*$PRH![TC@N9;R'77





M

+05/F#@6W+JK_Z9QK
K$MM
M[^#00/L$NL BFXV0^J?P%@;NR-9GVAHA20M;3A

^ HF)T_



L]J2023:+SQ'-

8)E9:($<!
QM1  EL%.?F=?(9(_(@^(VS&46
X Q:RS@5AC6P20'&+NN/6R,.HGGVOQ9@Q)-JK-
MC-AUKP2I,03 W I&MQ<J'32T?2<5HC6+Q0 I3S=I8K4ABTI&U6(D8D9F/S
M3@R9R,[4F1ZSXW@A0*(2;#IBW[[X;2V.V)]X1O5[3O9^'ROTNGLBWH%D3\0


MO/5HBQP%DN


M/#BK)F0+%OX8)-!]L'GMM#V'RZ(Y'








MLOAZ7C(*KH

MQX1*8\Q'0O





M2Y7'LJ9_'F6L0HX;1





M8G]


M%#+3T-^!MX9?O(
T/F.7(Q=H48;;_&]:]ZB2J3#E7/<63'7*MY+OV(K<


]EK:0B0 TI=Z;N$B

M7N$3%%Y=K4&[GP4K)LQC%*\YXOL)4AHY:MK&5


Z8M#SKR%DO#U$0(,_I!0D34A(A/FYQ)@4=N]\J4B:D)&92G+D
MN)(@?*'X$7(9EUYWFT .;[8A*_&U8@TM&15&XFS(%HS*G+K%SL0LRHD)MQ
3

U





M(=#Q2/J@'

@
MMUI]0-:E+L=$[K!;7
;JUT'









M8^9\]N\++A7(/3^BMWS#4(0/JALAO+]?=N8]LU1#+%:PX C[F!Y/_
O!YV1+

2*!YAF)S/B47SCX1MCX^$;;\;#-[&-AV_F9SP\
-/K3SO1TA$.0I5PN)A9^MT_$A;K4])$VA*C#X-([L8#<B' ^9
MUS!QQKUN<)4<W+Y(N5Z3$+[$6@N:2 2W2@KR($QL*7E(5G^T5:DBS%MP[P/
M4=V!==;=2S=@[5FPS520E56]+(KLB0MD4AY&\A6
MD1E+1CLT?O1 U1)CZQ%





-E
M_3]O/W&V)


@# I$4L?L=KCK&8Y20K\4KR
.EX


G6=U0-1T$JVJN!OZV.&J






M+-(/V3?X:]PT
?T!UG%7V;%W9]V6LGC\;&E'#J*=9C
SYUU8V5K*8B(5UR5H

?IOLX*LI*4



M]DG*7QR0

-
L(O#K
0)


MM[P!46'2;




MDS[MR)N5!J



M+&I(3GQ37(X8$U=!ZUZ4



@
M UQD7\$V#KZ##
I^B3(8^R3/_@%)YX %7








7J'&F)C=IYV6.H]39 &K.P
U@-$(I\6 T@
M<GA8.1DOT@-/I+2Y[1]67]O#ZK@2C[@61*B-LQN\HY-ZJ&K*G,[GL26(*HQB
MOT]5=/7G1_;T+YDP*\(N]7/S-^Q//_?V)_GK_[RC9?;$83S1STRZ-4L_\+/-
M2+.UX<XST:OO;6:O

MJW:L2O*/)=OON%Z1[]
F)DJ6

!'6OFH\
M@O




MRZ_YC)^3
J? NR:W@$(V

M_$&/&.
4B

M&YP'TFE?(;(Q-/&J$3*HC[./:?$D\&6%5?7-&FY2%3_BOM#R*5O1Z@O+51'F
MTQ]@+Q;*CKWGR^.407'A.T:Z7]6D2F)=EC68R\PY9B5155GWI(G_U[DD\9\X
MDCWD2MAQ]?KP.=D.%7B8:F8H-:KN_



(%JJ4:MU#4
M*%.9:=7\7YT(I:;FEW6?7'94G3K(:_E'?QR2_0EW%ES_[UX!YI A071%)O


MAQEYL1C(\Z0SB^G$!/:#3@[B_?^.YM(EG8/_+:LW4).;@_S RB^;I*1\/FEZ

M_0 8R7? D-/]THPE' VM9'&XAX
8+-\+!1.JFNL^I'I.=M+__N[+UTC^]K:K

HM$:JTV0O3C4F);6XBI(2ECO]R,7(K=6B=W17TE4F;TPI)
M

MBHH2B


M*YT^[_5D
/Z[[_ %1[_RZ
:%/?;NZ!
M]O2.



MNX8&PU]$F4YS




TSL/3

7%T [_




D.Q+JR



?LHIOAG^C2?F^2&GZ*3F\_86W

7]=ODJ(^5O+


E_?'(

&Q-J)P92-CQT
Z





?P@_*R4RXGE;]H&@S'0Y&.6S
'ISU/K([

ORXGO-%;_'1FEL
DIS[9%F3Y X9.BR


S_XB2K*9;LNL-GHG!KYK!)P)FA-5C
M(&\
R6C+==2$(5W3I*)W_(1_YG=:KAP/+9Z)II@5H^@RR'FKH&V\
IR- 55&


YDYYX^X


].=[Q<@+

M72:L3+
B*0]7_
]36E562/<G@]F5+-VOHEBZE0+!M/@5X8H +HO\PD*+*GNBQTV=
MGWTW:[YKW](R8RG_O02SVCLJ_W?Z\]=QS:7$L 86XMJS[$1M?HO(JX*A''
M8=#A])U??!S.26!GPJR ;+_\R%$Z)0TUP3H3]KH*YDS8HXERR;/;.5,*1A
MQ4CB6FZ%OKSNAF2 Z3 ICME55D5OTUF?%%%7F ]'OK TN [T'-K:.@#!QM1J


EPZC&3E6@P



M0WUZ?^UMB)X+4LRK^CASF1''PHI0%^15W:PUD@Y

7=;!


W


A3'J4(SMB3+*8&?
MK%!]+2#+T6
!
M[]J]!+ *D9IHC10H1:^A3#P*\A@+C[.1()PO^K1/4E O()

M+_27.BEKB^&=Y''^TS_]^]LW;_[*?WC

MA^EI_YO:#Y@A2T
[GCW45T55ER)2YS(IRP/DK!9E*U5O)1J?H%W0U%V'\T-3




LF71;I
MUF1P=8*QW=3
V \ QNJ#ZQ%VH26=RNU
M!+
@#1SA1G *B+2((ENO45/$G/#=
HV-2*I4B)62Y.I
-B/-

EL!KKS[QK=
M(XE/:.

MI#*SCDSCO*_W)5V0:O_P=WZ_AA9/X$K.F76LE@ 9Z$H9\0T)T$FQAS$*;0U2

MH


IO(FH=AP[#O$QC6A7L/=NJ0O:8
M6N^$)J_)\LM7* CTKZ]_^H7_@X2$J]0;C@&8<FL=O.9]'BXP''I/Y.V&.$&

S])
U4VF5J=/MCH^!E1(]).=EC6IJIJ@NG:KEQA!


#V&%:F'(I[



M^J.[F\&7Z(Q5DQ3\IZZ2$(3O43^[4(
B[JYH
@7

+

+T(%CA#H69Y/ZKEGO]9
M)3+\).;&-LYX9L3-T#&YCP#C75;Q8=99L:?IS8Z6


M+0.=AGG%.4I+3
5W@JW


DQKRPQ LG.W9*4[]QIG:
MJ7UHHF/_9ZD0!C];\ :M!IWSC*.E/BW(^7J9G$'3-:TQ/X_@HIF6XA893J


M5NG WT


<P A%'*-
7GSU)X2'6;




M -M
'9:CL4_0
8-+Q[34*!)S.+AT*(+H6P?12[9]R&25)# )KK(=J$D?1
&:

MXS@C9&-PMC\P+]
7*=CB?L0Q=;B1;3C%?0C?RF


RP#810
M

M1SP$)UHCA5K1JW?;9.O W*
;TV-PBKG

BO




<R78:;-^G[)YZB721WEX^)@I-Z




XB9XLIV=E2^SUB6SU9[7T)]


^7(7#S3-S

$@&M6;L5V)/R3];W/$7U9^X\;T/2]M#LHI


!-6QSK.





)?8-*Z.(C5?K^1






)%5F[++DCH:]

73(&AJKKVT]T^T#/RXY

XFPUTYWL1 DG2T%R0






M%LH@Y

U?_L]7&C^^:<X-4(\2@4+
T^'VGK[<D&G7&?G8A\GK:DN




TS%


MJ?
IZR#L._5!5I4) =*Z=W\&!#1)A4H#9:U%^9J48





M]F9R&F4M

M
;8I^]U_PO_F/[$_]_
M\
[!?_F_4$L#!!0    ( (^*4U#8[]4VXT  *GPP 5    ;&YD8RTR
#$X
M
VRV[?.G;/1.I65H^J4B.I

K_[^S3<O+R__]?I(T_\B=/'-=]]^^_TWV]%?;X:+7Y-\-^%P\ _?5#_N
MAKY;^N7[<NR'7W[YY9ORU]U0ANL&\D4_?/-_/]W<QT]H&4UP)A)!2T
_YV5

&I9^$HZ0OS79#ML(OXT^?#=Y/L/__7*DJ\YZE]]54%'28KNT/PK

\BHCFB



T@%;&'%\F4QE\1RJ68

HW,'N@I<7P









/;(+4E9/^1







M[06=Y@1#(K'1C)?C&0ZP(4@RVV/O9]A@@XD(V2B5.#^UXRR0O#$)O
-3S0!L



H9R=

QPA@WE.P+-&9Z5

MZVQ]^(MBIYDO8%;4,CR=^@9907Z2$C/DN\U_ )%IC@LGQ$
;DB%
41TS@
M'&R/^\96Z&8G[DH47XBVO$66*B

M@!SC7B#07V*PPUPKH[.(44R4#W#41_L10+2=#]PK@FZ)4=F#V H Z5)JPR

S9

M@83@$

MJ9_M

MCE8\A(9;@#%RM+$+[/K1)?V/?:?H;:S@
DYC/TR
TJR]<%C<(


M:A$
@Z-]O^'72=.DE[$?&^V\#)U9E!UMC@[?/^!
55\VC&&(BJ8$ Q@51[O$

PRV:]S&  ^8X8OVVNW.4^=[;


MY0]C^3*D]_-@Y:K'OJT&SI4T[\0T=@$ $@8 Z54&WVC^Q 3(R];X\MD9Y_JI
5'76%U-S8&FY@DZUTFQ&7/A)%I#*&






&0S9%JX%OW!:Q0M:M
MEM+=.9=BHUB$[6P(?NSL5JK+@:F-N\RE4*^9

H69H)\2(MS+=OY:<G^0J@K3#.R/J
MS(PHY? .B'IXPA3VUM0C.REMJ+D(06*DI

MS?AJ47DK7Y?-0[C
?


!6;78E#])Q


'1[X!4O@=AI?0 F)$IW7MM/(H+[@8FR[(6W-(KX@
MIU!X27.-TA=TU%43]9Z
L8=:@;OO=M'IS%$



M80C9R%[(60OA.P%!W=0MEQ4MIK?ZD-J7S],\*Y0T0J*P49*EZ*%0;1N;3/

M$E9WICJ#O6Z






.^E+R(SVJ#$PVOIR_(9(JA!)

M4;S 6?F'*R1)%V\R=:0EQ3[-%)7$CG_LX('G_(#$^:[K\^\X?_KG[2=^I$79
W%=1C--Z&4$_
MT#;1RH 9U5 + 9=<'H5'*FA&VR'_.N,W85%Z+^6;13[0-M':"O=<!L,4/P<
M7O2.<E**4286S1

T%20\INISR63J\(S=


M3




MM+H9'9!VG24XRA1;O'9 !P_^A+








4MPK&V_!YQE
97UZ.)5Z1*@.2&5V(SH[5:'X%XW-F1!

M!1NI#9.T

3

M[A^
QV@S][M+21YM5C8T
L07:[!AJB4\C&_(?
M?)GS($E?V@0F?Q/^[M T@

/NOUZ




M

M7HLK.\J[_O5#C(YC1T%_R\+-V6./A(%^#2 ?W-C! &Z
+AUM8X?



MV+

V;
:#W2*^04J#

M8W1B&IKKQO[1-



M*5;GFT8\VOIPP%E.L:.



KR%B-,&(5C0NZO0T$O5K2UK4!?6WR9L5\=K

M'LGOK\?+(PP;?2W;GQPS0373'#-G+AK!B+6DB;RO\(A0XD+4S-8*7)&SNS


7U)*Z#GAWWDL7OJM
9
%.G'[9
+5R3\5
&XT6Z(#P@P.H\5%TR$<7


Z6=888-Q2)-H?X=I7PQ@
MB@U&6#Z;W_-= MU?V@G#
W$9T4RTA[E%]/Z):P



:8;;




-
M2^,*]V7+,?FR/;./6#/(L2[<38'^)'9?&C0#5@[ $*

-LH:#A<

H#CI(7 GG3
M]4X3)Z)XY#84K@MTRMQWBX'XZ15^(X-)4##H\7XGCCN$ X3E[)X:UCN^X


[++AX2\2 _S(B';

B-#9F3(C#Q$0G(SDHYL#KYL
M&#U

DN-!$28HF9@UP/@X'@9A@D\+



*%QZA1\




M4!T9?O:LO(U@;1FP(NVHV@*ZQG)Q.$GJE-LNO9M&HF=H0S-L:G.V7A%NT:$
MZM3FI-;5D#$H-%J5@O
EY5?=@7Y.-UW?/N*DD-9S(DNSSI##)HO:1.(+QG=
MU5GB)&_V*[LC:7I%J+ ?&\+0=
%@BPFVF&+L2\[M[G6@TTFV&232;89()-
MQK1 = O]P9?-8U1

MXK+8Y@)ES?OOFBTZB.VP4G!F&C?F&CVWD#6Q29;P8Y]Y:K(XH^X0POB^4-
MBAC:Q.:)NL+GT0KG45K^V;AB2
N%G0'E3IP/Z0'QLQ6BD7B9[7%IMG8P1053
M5#!%V1?;.KT#@FTJV*:;2K8IH)MRJC.2E?2E_;J#%XC47T(4T)'SY
'@O&
MMS]C$X86Y0\4K0@M^X(V


M'=X+P:@0C K!J!,L&H8*(7]RQ@^K*YC*J#-!=(![4O?#?YLX@H?^?I6ICK

7:)38H/-P@&;14=O%&;/
MZ'3[6

M8+8![C %YBM(O2CY04*W:=Q6DA2A1?'! ^V]%=)0'N[JBSB'\+
;I_0DAT
M9)XF7.CEPZ)4S.9G8L&_)H/2)D-3$I3OH'P'Y=N^F-/5*1JTZZ!=!^TZ:-=!
MNS:J5F!'[!I4SYQP#*



M(XWOW[0



OG*N_R4\3%U0S1]27?(2OQ&0AYL<B)XD
:[*$=

MU9)6.[);W#:/N*5D13%GF:YON:PG/+1*DNK&=TK8;);B9W%X_
8/@45$Y9M?

MOO/FID4G?]-W]U\4IR%P2@?$:26:O@29WW&6

#!PG_KV-U



=AH
MA$2L@T)F6J5-2XP<N2K&+<[S/XX


MFA?I#9[+.(-
=9
U=K:NO#EIQ%3Z4X

LR


M*7G&4K.UOQZY(=L%?K(-_I4=. MK5$29N +3#+W^-PUMVG*9\T5E\GR=&!
MWX


M^(
M]AWHZ58!WCAY+_B9G)*5-/03/-YB\;.MPWX;2*60$$!S0O$Y
Z*W=PL$][JQ

YSO(V@ARHA[K
M,S80_SUIY7W!2&8_DM !CCO



M6TXQO[QZ]4[UN-:6(VEU1P+S_X;O<%G<( !N[!OV.=AT@ #
Z/


E9T+1S[P:M
_^S8J?QA







MD/Y(ZI;:[
A]D?8M]PZ@[Y^/6&33I-99[G:#_BJEJ-.#9BO!*&CJM!-!O
M#P8A D[GG(\#6WYS /U1-IIW%(:CY8]JT:+/]!ZN__[F'5K\H7]4OY4_9KO

MS-XM?%8'))HU6SLDT[!-6WM2U2&RAZ1!@FF'[.U7$QFQ
2FINZN#Y[G!DKS7




M7B;
0J;:W+#; \)^;)@F%)!)0@/*(:7*71 3:47XA!Q\]A6=F&3K4YZ1JN


M[MB9-Y%$3[O#N\[[H\XA5GF\?$&HJ9Q

M* #B_89G/+@-!^P[Z'@F=N8@/H1FSA5? '&Z)QI%!P%C[OU#:D&(8*^@!6:
M_+354EH8B,(C;;


AP#B-MIAN





B*]$<180AU ANNF'#$'J'5@6-GR*&I@N*
MRD_^F*A::;C17 N%#X1SGU\&Y=6E+-X@'6BC 
5R23+YYZX=-SS)HF7+ON;X
M-6



F0CH* 0:B589\M1?&I8KK[^=


VZIX-G

 !\77]90B[]AT!/!:^?$I:DQ0X)MX7^0Z&


M^-E4EN Z8D8[WFIC^FB%\RC%?Z%$G%P%/W7OR3Q_X6?E(;VR=LS0Z8ZR^%GZ



M@*9I&7=UCQ:E\U%9


MR_M8A-JH]Q1@QO!L'/3FJ*6O;/@G80@TUZ;%$])X1

.?Z&(7O&QG<P76QD



N^J58 P
N6F7%&



M('F4'OXNBB[P:_%?*+]#
5EDBIIFO3W/YAOOC:E;1#%)K@C=_$E5F'!8(IR

M\;B?[C%;-4/L$:I

#/

AF:CVL'^OB9X=:Z+OE7
1T_GP%&V4=U8I@M=9)1-(4!GJ\593



LL72'5@6-GR)QC)
%



M^_Z O.JO_[[@Y^IS)-S]_
0M3=G5@7%$JF9TI[7B#JN'SN8W)



S


*ZX)@^'

M
TN8T
(RLNJ2)7=X?A*3N82(;Y?NN400H$-DHG_%0





ML
UD*)2YGQ/J1]BL'S&N=*KN18!0( 4/S0$#([P[IF)VD8W:2'N4X#$;

.[!(R_*QQCQ(E %=VB
M&?([NI5LPY;H]'U?819'Z;]01_%.?DI6G_WQ_UH_PEP6;T0MKW'_BH'TQ(
MJYO1 6G768*C3''0U0[HX







MD%K+?@VBZOQ/'&M@Q_-E0QE+R!#SOR\[IO'79C
-X'22'-7QFKY\H2H]S3B3


MO8W^5%KGX-I9C3K+@NY/*G

#+^=/QK


MD?-'\.ZD^




M&1L*KK/J]*YM:=ANQ3Z9X^K4=
ZOQ)*$LV)-BGQ6&G.NV?29GV$U2;I-E^F-


MHCYR-RMVP-H-/P

*LSZ2=8*-](!ZR0P*K:^1L_2GZ
M3WF

AJEP-J#D@932RFTD/ZZ,UG-6<VFDL^PRHCPENV

M'%.N 4PK/Q'_HW$2%FS+5:-U/L%84PK1UGH49FI7F(G
+RJ]YO%MG'KYAA
MM=CG.\WI#HD;C^^+30/.ZL.N?L]1(F//=!V;3(^[JMX82M/=%X\
_5F(P_.9

M?

=%W-6Z:_I*6
R_*6HIP$SH2!O!RWXFNUK:71]C&#%-7H

73_-H% L.$X89O/RQ\[1
MV*SK(B;.W.:9?PZ/_R1<=(WG*%&F\1DY9 PZ$;X+A[T/.5\CYD@4%OI=L
MB4:Z'#O7YA(H:2SC^8*5.GQ6HAV-/3!2^7DH%-6QQSNJ^9;;#L;^ON%!C8;*


MB*S^_/RC\5\;&W _%T(4GLUW/=/NJTTH



=I^'
M1!ALM:;5F!_

MO_[[ E'\S#?#
^*Z=BDAU:8[:T8WLUN?G+]A#U\9U1?%^JY\DDV&;GK^)(


@3


M504SZ.F804-ZM=-:IR4DE&J5L4CGW4:!PJ

H-$*L7:
M
$_L_LPF9
Y_6O)G/J&


M\X**@UOF&E1.FF2_.



?P#C]4N&4<:DNWXP='5(&1@@P@C^?T$XS-5F 0?RE
MX39\&,,Y!WLP:5:/[4 D*-NR/B.#Q/.=Y3AO\K%)X\1PV4$\^$C2_L)*Y;+







M.$4KPJ+T(R7%2DUG/:L27%JO&RQJP:(VHM:TR,^V-&'2W8T9RPHSEK&&HD


O6$1+%#=6Z .]:0M83A[1BP7M'V_



(2Z1O.1/XM%P
MBH%+=$#\[SA+&*HO=R(?

-?[$A5OJ9F$^TSY3X

ML66KM00E-#'CD*PZ$,N,F)^8_BC=[4#Q
#?'%]M-DK1H*?+X#)-Q# 3C-V



(@M




1=@/

M&TO2OMB.6VXS@Z/=%P-O2\3 *JDO.RRT+G;:;^AX+PPS#;F';V8D)?PZ5=EZ
M^.Y& J.A];
_7YG3K2_



M*\T-HJR_CM;WN0'GLJM)%OOE#H%67U.(JAII(

MS]B01H[^-MB)P&HB+_87H^



MU]@VU1/82L@^'#+YW@U2SPLJ9!H Q9N1SH#\F60QF/C]X! L$((%N@X6 %W*


@+BB9+G.%EL9RL
M*
YBO(K2R:IR&)0-D-H;V1L_9D@#?$LB@W%^

3DV7LVD -*#Y.OO
CZ6'

/V=J%1L%TJD)WPO5]I


T
HE$ZS9+H4G^!?
MY=\EQ$.FVF3M(R6



XS\+3!$_



V8


M]

RM@%C^C=_I
M*-G$DTPIC;)%.4]F_VJ_L$U8S
VFKA [?60YC6*9'T
Y-IA3;9I3^R'V=X07


M*R@S94@RRP&&S(H@JR?9M.]O*%-_%VJNU'-MOJN+C5BV^3#
WAELLMU:\F\H
M;'5
MEK+'NO-7JF#W^&6M#? -^

MOJL0=3!6*W]? G)P%P9W

ORIV#FB

MLH_(ZL^7O?T\^7=5%AB_X[N!?T)/937M_)S_@O/SB-(UEXM?(IK4NJR-%VGF


Z_1W%!S;]+_7)6

M


M#FH6!MGI
416?\&1PEQ1<.7W/%KAO)(^[LD\Y]HW^A3Q+SU#

E.]VIH+C)'KZ-%NY#1O
#UR'_K^/-R/_T

:MQ!^<DX])3$0L*KP6-







M)L[EAO%C'3]UD BR7F@.


+86A=AZ%U
MK5^&0#3_ ]&&=#XY'E42G$\-3-Q#BLLGZ+4:4H3NSX\^

MOP@CMU$?WAC47Y#2*2M-O^L877@?

R)(BE.1##0WMA0YK)M*M.G!QG ^C 0L_7Z#O!H0DT(W3@BJ[_0#?X)

ZX\[G


*T@.ZZJ

M^*'

MJVV/12Y4N ?2



:;W6A%^]M^9Q?4:$&:T;;(%XIF93?9

54
MOQEC\^Q^0T@+,<UX':L?R:Z]GC S@/CY@/6=?4&S[/(TI8D'0O;<39WWXX8
M[0=3

MVZ21#NG+0=

MQURFL4$D-S[WEY0TAL\1Y$3L+\=HA!#5NRE[2 X:S74(35L 8_2+A]O(


M']W%

MFA91HKZX7SJ Q9!O ?,5C$Q/HT_\XG+V_@9=5Y:3+NZQ4)C0-IV;$CLCHH
M.]95P:^#%UA=BMMKK\/B$!T_Q9E$3 F[M6

MVK/-PP&KYY/H\$F.*OKV]B-Z1/T)OV3P






MXF(0QM!?*)KC&$'
P'%(X X?7RH<&$
$

?WO$=61Z45%[#
X?OHBG 9#&9NG^




:(32AZ1EF!)A&EHM)-5?@F



N8$WC%DN3[P)\[F!WM6



QAGGDFL(
MXA=W3
A@&D=K1S;D
!B3!S

M1&8LJ1]LTYBVH^@SDM4#.1QBL[7GCHZ[Z.43WW(41^^VIG*L$SC_3N@?UQD7
M?&
D+==3/SC87-VPN8[+'N+R81VLEZ=CO0R=)X
&W$0#AHE
_6T1]X%1B3C]




=PIQIJ[+ZD-ACBUT)I]V5E#A'
_9^[19


M@(+=J'%UZD%NVQ-






[^@!


MLL$
\]))]B4H/%O2]7!XME[JI:3A

L3K*7

%=@&<_28OE9@M.\8E&-9[O+PDK(/F\;708N;$E+JS5CWFR4*[

M4-N 7)(
KR'G!C4


MA2@4*


R-QW'2K8!E




BX)@K^O^NL\#




'/?(O%S1



E]X:_=[A
M#%1$9XB;A9ZG:


&$1XT(^[
M7AYU$1X

MBW:
BV:(_=Y:?')^;P]N%LR
IVVVF='#@





A


+=






M+


AJP2[L-P*D*;RX1Q%$ 3DTJYJR]C@)P:J8PEW[A& !P
M]=_WBW'(

DIF[)R3+)




&JY<Y+LIK )Y(08WPU3<E\%7Z;W
M?7.

@0\/KP^.UW4+MSB,7JG
M=\0V\XZAUW8_;-.&L*/H&UJ@Y)4214\D$!.\(588J=952C_OK2MY34Z.%<H*
MLE^:4G7WN*![9;9\CM[8O*G,8H'=?0.SQR@A%\9EM$G**&6QQ7_: OEUX5@6
MM?4?;?8Z:B@0? ;M9YPA=CHORCQ:@(@^?79XTK?[\)XFWL[F:?+2)'\^X&S!
MQ1X\S@9+Q6J:Q?1_M!'F:Y02<HHID?+R_)T(='6C429;$F,ML(;7:UIA'_^


M0'FM3]QEFZK6+UI5N

/LBGB-935PK-P[W0^:YUXN45@/ST\^8\YVD1)O&W)0N[0%L!\
M5B1&VF +$R6M?']

^(EE&T' Y7


MAFWP][T^DS04TJ8!WPLX22.D


MFU D9[T1=W#\I

Q_
A@ JI;$LY') .-;#QX

M :KARD'N?UW0:N.'&N

1@
?I*1G

M?[S+IFOJOITM&4-VM\#[)P:6 [_=6HG .O:8*(
5^5+N&OM;?%&5#[C\+RJI




@J

_(3.
%D5QX)$2/;




'C&T\7?54+(

MV D2$ W6U_
?.WBRG+E*? ' *


M2A3&#$JC
;A'U8.6C?M

G]D
M].+4 #9@K/4/'TZ_0.*OL.?F&)ES5 ^,GGVCPYXB3YPH7QV.A3[ AX@
YH

EVCRZ:=)W+J))_AP%4=--AJ9:)*V0EKQDCDBIGWB4XF6O
9)
-W&=R &
MQM:_)V29:_U[@S%-P

X<0(2F

ME+@ZDI%&?. H:T4TLGOJ:'V'
]L9Q@B_\:'ZA/[  &N5V&M.3\#HMFCV!Z1[



MEQ#D
&[ZHD[
)7L$ Y\@5

M
C Q.# U


M36@ &QN9&,M,C Q.# U,C=?8V%L+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (^*4U]A12%
MGXH  +5 P 5                81\ @!L;F1C+3(P
3@P-3(W7V1E9BYX

